#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 29.12 19:52 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 37326 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockAtomicReconstructor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockBlackLotus.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Lotus
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockBookStand.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Manual Stand
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockBreaker.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanola.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Canola Plant
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaOil.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Canola Oil
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaPress.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Canola Press
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzSlab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzStair.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzWall.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoalGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Coal Generator
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffee.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Plant
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffeeMachine.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Machine
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLamp.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLamp.name
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLampOn.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLampOn.name
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCompost.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Compost
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockDirectionalBreaker.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockDropper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnergizer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Energizer
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnervator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Enervator
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFeeder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFermentingBarrel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFireworkBox.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Firework Box
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFishingNet.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fishing Net
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFlax.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flax Plant
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidCollector.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Collector
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidPlacer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Placer
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceDouble.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Double Furnace
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceSolar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockGiantChest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Storage Crate
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockGreenhouseGlass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinder.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crusher
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinderDouble.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Double Crusher
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockHeatCollector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Heat Collector
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK ESD
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputterAdvanced.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Advanced ESD
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockItemRepairer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Item Repairer
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockLampPowerer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lamp Controller
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockLaserRelay.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Laser Relay
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockLavaFactoryController.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockLeafGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockMiner.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Digger
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockMisc.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.blockMisc.name
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockOilGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Oil Generator
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBooster.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Booster
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBreaker.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomEnergyface.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomLiquiface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomPlacer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Placer
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomface.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Phantomface
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzSlab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzStair.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzWall.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockPlacer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Auto-Placer
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzSlab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzStair.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzWall.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockRangedCollector.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ranged Collector
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockRice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rice Plant
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockSmileyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenFence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenSlab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenStairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenWall.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteFence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteSlab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteStairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteWall.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockTreasureChest.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockWild.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.blockWild.name
fe.protection.break.ActuallyAdditions.blockXPSolidifier.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAgate.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropAgate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Allium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carrot
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropChrysocolla.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropChrysocolla.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cinderpearl
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCitrine.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropCitrine.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Daisy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dandelion
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropElementium.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropElementium.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropGaia.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropGaia.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropJade.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropJade.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropJasper.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropJasper.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropMalachite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropMalachite.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropNeutronium.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropOnyx.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropOnyx.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Orchid
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Poppy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Potato
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSalt.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropSalt.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSesame.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropSesame.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSpinel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropSpinel.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sugarcane
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSugilite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropSugilite.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSunflower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropSunflower.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Taint Root
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTanzanite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropTanzanite.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTopaz.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropTopaz.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTourmaline.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropTourmaline.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crop Sticks
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.break.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.break.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Architectural Block
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Neutron Collector
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.infinitato.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Infinitato
fe.protection.break.BigDoors.door3x3.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.door3x3.name
fe.protection.break.BigDoors.metalDoors3x3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.metalDoor3x3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ash Stone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bones.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blossom Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crag Rock
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dried Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flowering Vines
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gravestone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Sand
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Long Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Moss Clump
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.petals.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.plants.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Poison
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tree Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turnip
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Willow Vines
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wisteria
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altGrass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altar.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.altar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.avatar.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bellows.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrost.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.brewery.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.break.Botania.cocoon.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.distributor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchanter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.flower.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestEye.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.hourglass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.mushroom.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.Botania.openCrate.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.platform.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pool.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pool.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prism.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.prism.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pump.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pump.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pylon.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.root.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.root.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.solidVine.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spreader.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.starfield.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.storage.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.turntable.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenters Fence
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenters Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.CinderShroom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK CinderShroom
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.DerangedGolem_spawner.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.DerangedGolem_spawner.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.Mummy_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.Mummy_spawner.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.Pharoh_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.Pharoh_spawner.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.SkeletonKnight_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.SkeletonKnight_spawner.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.SkeletonMage_spawner.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.SkeletonMage_spawner.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.Witch_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.Witch_spawner.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.cave_orchid.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cave Orchid
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_dirt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_water_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_igneous_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.dripping_water_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.foxfire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Foxfire
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_fence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Icy Fence
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_column.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_igneous_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_column.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_column.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Icy Rail
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_column.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_roots.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Roots
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_column.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_column.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_column.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_stone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.glowstone_stalactite_small.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Stalactite
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.hanging_foxfire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hanging Foxfire
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.ice_patch.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.icicle_base.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Icicle
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.icicle_small.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Icicle
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.icicle_tip.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Icicle
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_column.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_lavacrust.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_base.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_small.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lava_vine.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cave Vines
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_column.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_column.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_lavacrust.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.mossy_dirt.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_stone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.mossy_sedimentary_stone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.mossy_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_igneous_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.raining_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_stone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.raining_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.raining_water_igneous_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.raining_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.raining_water_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.raining_water_stone.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.redstone_column.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_base.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_small.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.roots.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.roots.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sandstone_column.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_base.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_small.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentarySand.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentarySand.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_column.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_column.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_column.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_lavacrust.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_base.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_small.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_tip.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_base.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_small.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.break.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.innerwall.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.innerwallcreative.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.innerwalldecor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Compact Machine Wall (Decorative)
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.interfacecreative.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.interfacedecor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Compact Machine Interface (Decorative)
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.machine.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Compact Machine
fe.protection.break.CompactMachines.resizingcube.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK World Resizing Cube
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Disenchanter
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Draconic Chest
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Ore
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energy Infuser
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Energy Pylon
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Energy Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Generator
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mob Grinder
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energy Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Particle Generator
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Player Detector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Potentiometer
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rain Sensor
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sun Dial
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Weather Controller
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Distortion Flame
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Conduit Connector
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crafter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Bars
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender IO
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Rail
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Skull
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Farming Station
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fire Water
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hootch
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ingot Storage
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Panel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Killer Joe
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painted Carpet
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fence
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Gate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Slab
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stairs
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Wall
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Painting Machine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Powered Spawner
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Reservoir
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Binder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stirling Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Telepad Block
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tesseract (Complete)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Travel Anchor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK The Vat
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charger
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zombie Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.liquidSilicon.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Silicon
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Molten Brass
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenConductiveIron.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Constantan
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenElectricalSteel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Elementium
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenEnergeticAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Molten Fairy
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Phased Gold
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedIron.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Phased Iron
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenRedstoneAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenSoularium.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Soularium
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Zinc
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Marker
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK TNT Generator
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magnum Torch
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trading Post
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nether Star Block
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Log
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Planks
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wrath Cage
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pottery Table
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Compost Bin
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Garden Proxy
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Small Fire
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Chain
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Garden Lantern
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lattice
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lattice
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Light Chain
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Candelilla
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Strange Plant
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Post
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Post Fence
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.break.Highlands.Fir_Sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fir Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.hl_cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hl_cocoa.name
fe.protection.break.Highlands.hl_woodDoubleSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.hl_woodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.Highlands.hl_woodPlanks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.hl_woodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.Highlands.hl_woodSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.hl_woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaWood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Log
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_ashLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ash Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_ashSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ash Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_ashWood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ash Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Orange Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeSapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Orange Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowSapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_beechSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Beech Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_blueFlower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Flower
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_blueberryBush.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Tree Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_canopySapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Tree Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyWood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_cattail.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cattail
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_cotton.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cotton Plant
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_deadSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dead Tree Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_decBushSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Deciduous Bush Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_evgBushSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Evergreen Bush Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_firLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fir Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_firWood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_greatOakSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Great Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ironwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ironwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodWood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ironwood Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Maple Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleSapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleWood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_lavender.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lavender
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_leafyFern.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Leafy Fern
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveWood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Log
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_palmLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Palm Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_palmSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Palm Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_palmWood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Poplar Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Poplar Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarWood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Poplar Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_raspberryBush.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodWood.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_thornbush.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Thornbush
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_whiteFlower.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK White Flower
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Poplar Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ironwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.bonemealApplicator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bonemeal Applicator
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.cakeConverter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cake Converter
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.chargingPlate.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Charging Plate
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.chargingPlateWooden.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Charging Plate
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.chestCharger.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chest Charger
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.elevatorShaft.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Shaft
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.elevatorTop.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Top
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.energyTeleporter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Endergy Cell
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.fluxBlaster.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Flux Blaster
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.lifeConverter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Life Converter
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.mechanicalGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical Generator
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mover
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.rngQuarry.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK RNG Quarry
fe.protection.break.JAPTA.timeMachine.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Time Machine
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.compressedChest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Chest
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.diamondObsidian.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.digitalLocker.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Partitioned Crate
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.gravitatem.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Mob Manipulator
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.invisibleTorch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shimmering Spot
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.polarityNegator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Polarity Negator
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.precisionTNT.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Precision TNT
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.refinery.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.refinery_active.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.refinery_active.name
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.smoothGlowstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Glowstone
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.vaultPart.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.vaultPart.name
fe.protection.break.JotatosPracticalities.witherFarmPart.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witherFarmPart.name
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.DimLamp.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dungeon Lantern
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.DimStone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.glowingstonebrick.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.glowingstoneglass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Stone Glass
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.metablock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Dni1.name
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.metablock2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.Dni2.name
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.obsidianglowingstoneglass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.obsidianstoneglass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.break.LightTweaks.stoneglass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Glass
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.abstractor.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Abstractor
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.adamantine.molten.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.alduorite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Alduorite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.alloyer.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Alloyer
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.amordrine.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Amordrine
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.angmallen.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Angmallen
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.astral.silver.molten.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Astral Silver
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.atlarus.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Atlarus
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.base.block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.base.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.base.brick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.base.brick.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.base.ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.base.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.black.steel.molten.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Black Steel
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.brass.molten.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Brass
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.bronze.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.carmot.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Carmot
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.celenegil.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Celenegil
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.ceruclase.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ceruclase
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.copper.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.crusher.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crusher
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.damascus.steel.molten.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Damascus Steel
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.deep.iron.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Deep Iron
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.desichalkos.molten.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Desichalkos
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.electrum.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.ender.block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.ender.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.ender.brick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.ender.brick.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.ender.ore.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.ender.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.eximite.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Eximite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.explosive.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.metallurgy.explosive.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.extra.storage.block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.extra.storage.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.fantasy.block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.fantasy.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.fantasy.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.fantasy.brick.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.fantasy.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.fantasy.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.forge.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Forge
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.haderoth.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Haderoth
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.hepatizon.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Hepatizon
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.ignatius.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ignatius
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.infuscolium.molten.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Infuscolium
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.inolashite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Inolashite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.kalendrite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Kalendrite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.lemurite.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lemurite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.machine.frame.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Machine Frame
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.manganese.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manganese
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.meutoite.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Meutoite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.midasium.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Midasium
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.mithril.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mithril
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.nether.block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.nether.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.nether.brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.nether.brick.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.nether.ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.nether.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.orichalcum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Orichalcum
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.oureclase.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Oureclase
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.platinum.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Platinum
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.precious.block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.precious.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.precious.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.precious.brick.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.precious.ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.precious.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.prometheum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Prometheum
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.quicksilver.molten.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mystic Silver
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.rubracium.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Rubracium
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.sanguinite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Sanguinite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.shadow.iron.molten.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Shadow Iron
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.shadow.steel.molten.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Shadow Steel
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.silver.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.steel.molten.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.tab.block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.tab.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.tartarite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Tartarite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.tin.molten.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten Tin
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.utility.block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.utility.block.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.utility.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.utility.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.vanilla.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.metal.block.vanilla.brick.name
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.vulcanite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Vulcanite
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.vyroxeres.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Vyroxeres
fe.protection.break.Metallurgy.zinc.molten.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Zinc
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK BioFuel
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK RedNet Cable
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK DetCord
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fertile Dirt
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Meat
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Essence
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Plastic
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Wood
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sewage
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sludge
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Tank
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.MyWorldGen.anchor.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.anchor.name
fe.protection.break.MyWorldGen.anchorInventory.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Anchor
fe.protection.break.MyWorldGen.ignore.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ignore Block
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.AmRTG.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Americium RTG
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.CfRTG.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Californium RTG
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.EMP.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK EMP Bomb
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.EMPE.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK EMP Bomb
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.RTG.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Plutonium RTG
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.WRTG.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Weak RTG
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.antimatterBomb.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.antimatterBombE.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.assemblerActive.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Assembler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.assemblerIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Assembler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.blastBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blast Resistant Block
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.blockBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBlock.name
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.blockOre.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockOre.name
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.cellBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.collectorActive.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Helium Collector
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.collectorIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Helium Collector
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.coolantCoolerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Coolant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.coolerActive.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.coolerBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Standard Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.coolerIdle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.crusherActive.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crusher
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.crusherIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crusher
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.cryotheumCoolerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cryotheum Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.denseSteamBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dense Steam
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.denseSteamDecompressor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dense Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherActive.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Electric Crusher
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherIdle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electric Crusher
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Electric Furnace
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceIdle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electric Furnace
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electrolyserActive.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Electrolyser
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electrolyserIdle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Electrolyser
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electromagnetActive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electromagnet
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.electromagnetIdle.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Electromagnet
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.emptyCoolerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Empty Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.enderiumCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.factoryActive.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Manufactory
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.factoryIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Manufactory
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteActive.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fission Controller
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteIdle.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fission Controller
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamActive.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamIdle.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.furnaceActive.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Metal Furnace
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.furnaceIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Metal Furnace
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionConnector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Connector
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionPlasmaBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Plasma
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionReactor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlockTop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteam.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlockTop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.glowstoneCoolerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.graphiteBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Graphite Block
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.hastenerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Decay Hastener
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.hastenerIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Decay Hastener
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.heliumCoolerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Helium Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorActive.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorIdle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.ioniserActive.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ioniser
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.ioniserIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ioniser
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.irradiatorActive.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.irradiatorIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.liquidHeliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Helium
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.lithiumIonBatteryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lithium Ion Battery
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.machineBlockNC.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Machine Base
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceIdle.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.nuclearWorkspace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Duty Workspace
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.nuke.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nuke
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.nukeE.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nuke
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.oxidiserActive.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oxidiser
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.oxidiserIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oxidiser
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorActive.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Reaction Generator
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorIdle.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Reaction Generator
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.reactorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Casing
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.recyclerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.recyclerIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.redstoneCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.separatorActive.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Isotope Separator
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.separatorIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Isotope Separator
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumDown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumUp.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.solarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.speedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Speed Block
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.steamBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.steamDecompressor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.steamGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Steam Generator
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetActive.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetIdle.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.supercoolerActive.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.supercoolerIdle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.superdenseSteamBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Superdense Steam
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.synchrotronActive.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.synchrotronIdle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.tubing1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Horizontal Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.tubing2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.voltaicPile.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Voltaic Pile
fe.protection.break.NuclearCraft.waterCoolerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grave (Break to recover your inventory).
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.ChannelSelector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Channel Selector
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.Clock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Clock
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.DataCable.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Data Cable
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.DataEmitter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Data Emitter
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.DataModifier.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Data Modifier
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.DataReceiver.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Data Receiver
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.DisplayScreen.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.DisplayScreen.name
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.EnergyReader.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energy Reader
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.EntityNode.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Entity Node
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.FluidReader.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Reader
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.Hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Forging Hammer
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.Hammer_Air.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Forging Hammer
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.HolographicDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Holographic Display
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.InfoCreator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Info Creator
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.InfoReader.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Info Reader
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.InventoryReader.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Reader
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.ItemRouter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Item Router
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.LargeDisplayScreen.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Large Display Screen
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.MultiCable.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Channelled Cable
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.Node.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Node
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_OFF.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_ON.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.SapphireOre.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.break.PracticalLogistics.TransceiverArray.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Transceiver Array
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Condenser
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Transmutation Table
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.ashplanks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ashplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.ashslab.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ashslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.ashstairs.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ashstairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.cinnamonplanks.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.cinnamonplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.cinnamonslab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.cinnamonslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.cinnamonstairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.cinnamonstairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.deadplanks.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.deadplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.deadslab.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.deadslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.deadstairs.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.deadstairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.giantflowerplanks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.giantflowerplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.giantflowerslab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.giantflowerslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.giantflowerstairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.giantflowerstairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.japanesemapleplanks.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.japanesemapleplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.japanesemapleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.japanesemapleslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.japanesemaplestairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.japanesemaplestairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.mahoganyslab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mahoganyslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.mapleplanks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.mapleplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.mapleslab.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mapleslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.maplestairs.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.maplestairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.paperbarkplanks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.paperbarkplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.paperbarkslab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.paperbarkslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.paperbarkstairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.paperbarkstairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.rubberplanks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.rubberplanks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.rubberslab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.rubberslab.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.rubberstairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.rubberstairs.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stonecentered.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonecentered.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stonecobble.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonecobble.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stoneembossed.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneembossed.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stoneengraved.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneengraved.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stoneetched.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneetched.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stoneinscribed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneinscribed.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stonelargebricks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonelargebricks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stonelined.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonelined.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stoneraised.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneraised.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stoneround.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneround.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stonesmallbricks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonesmallbricks.name
fe.protection.break.Quadrum.stonetile.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonetile.name
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Imbuing Station
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Online Detector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Block
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Drawer Controller
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Controller Slave
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Framing Table
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Framed Trim
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Drying Rack
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Station
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slab Furnace
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glue Block
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Frying Pan
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hambone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Landmine
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK SDX
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Ender
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Alumite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Enderium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Invar
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lumium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ferrous
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Shiny
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Signalum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Tin
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glue
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Slime
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Slime Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bounce Pad
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Oak Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Punji Stick
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockLumos.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lumos
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Shadow Ore
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Warped Leaves
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Gas  
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Old Urn
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bound Chest
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bound Jar
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Everburn Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Everfull Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Soul Brazier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Think Tank
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Glass
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Primal Mana
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.break.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Grid
fe.protection.break.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.break.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone4.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone5.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone6.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone7.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone0.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone4.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone5.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone6.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone7.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick4.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick5.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick6.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick7.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone4.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone5.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone6.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone7.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone4.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone5.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone6.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone7.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick4.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick5.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick6.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick7.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone4.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone5.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone6.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone7.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneousCobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneFullSlab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneousStone.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.igneousStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickFullSlab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneFullSlab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneHalfSlab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_monsterStoneEgg.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreCoal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreEmerald.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreGold.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreIron.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreLapis.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphicCobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphicStone.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneFullSlab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneHalfSlab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_monsterStoneEgg.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreCoal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreEmerald.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreGold.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreIron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreLapis.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreRedstone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.sedimentaryStone.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneFullSlab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_monsterStoneEgg.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreCoal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreEmerald.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreGold.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreIron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreLapis.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreRedstone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone0.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousCobblestone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStoneBrick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicCobblestone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.sedimentaryStone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.break.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBrown.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGray.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGreen.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampPurple.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampRed.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampYellow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuraLampYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickBlue.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickBrown.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickCyan.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickGray.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickGreen.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickPurple.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickRed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.BrickYellow.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BrickYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBlue.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBrown.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetCyan.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGray.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGreen.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetPurple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetRed.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetYellow.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBlue.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBrown.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolCyan.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGray.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGreen.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolPurple.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolRed.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolYellow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.CheckeredWoolYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayGray.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayRed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ClayYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ClayYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBlue.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBrown.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickCyan.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGray.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGreen.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickPurple.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickRed.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickYellow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ColouredBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskRed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DamaskYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.DamaskYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBlue.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBrown.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedCyan.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGray.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGreen.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedPurple.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedRed.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedYellow.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.DiagonallyDottedYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedGray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedRed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.DottedYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.DottedYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBlue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBrown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesCyan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGreen.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesPurple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesRed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesYellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FancyTilesYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralGray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralRed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FloralYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.FloralYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBlue.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBrown.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassCyan.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGray.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGreen.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassPurple.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassRed.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassYellow.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBlue.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBrown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneCyan.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGreen.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPanePurple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneRed.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneYellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.FrostedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.Jewel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.Jewel.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledGray.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledPurple.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledRed.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.RippledYellow.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.RippledYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidBlueBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidBrownBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidCyanBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidGrayBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidGreenBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidPurpleBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidRedBlocks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.SolidYellowBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.SolidYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.Stamp.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.Stamp.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBlue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBrown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickCyan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGreen.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickPurple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickRed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickYellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBlue.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBrown.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampCyan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGray.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGreen.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampPurple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampRed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampYellow.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.StoneLampYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedGray.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedPurple.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedRed.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.StripedYellow.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.StripedYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBlue.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBrown.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassCyan.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGray.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGreen.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassPurple.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassRed.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassYellow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBlue.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBrown.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneCyan.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGray.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGreen.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPanePurple.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneRed.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneYellow.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TexturedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBlue.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBrown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassCyan.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGreen.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassPurple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassRed.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassYellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBlue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBrown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneCyan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGreen.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPanePurple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneRed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneYellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TintedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBlue.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBrown.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankCyan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGray.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGreen.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankPurple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankRed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankYellow.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodPlankYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBlue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBrown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetCyan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGreen.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetPurple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetRed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetYellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolCyan.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolGray.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolGray.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolGreen.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolPurple.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolRed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolRed.name
fe.protection.break.WallpaperCraft.WoolYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoolYellow.name
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rose Vines
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Void Walkway
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aurora
fe.protection.break.Ztones.booster.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Booster
fe.protection.break.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Clean Gardeners Dirt
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampb.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampf.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampt.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ztone Tile
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_bone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK %s Bones
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_clay.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK %s Clay
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_cobblestonemossy.*                           # (default: true) BREAK %s Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_dustgunpowder.*                              # (default: true) BREAK %s Gunpowder
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_endstone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK %s End Stone
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_meatrotten.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK %s Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK %s Netherrack
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_pearlender.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK %s Ender Pearl
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_soulsand.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK %s Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.additionalcompression.compressed_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK %s Stone
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.Control.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Control Module
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fuel/Air Mixer
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gas Mix Compressor
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.FluidInput.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Intake Valve
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.FluidOutputSelect.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Output Valve
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.FuelTank.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Tank
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.GasInput.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gas Intake Valve
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.HeatExchanger.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.HeatExchangerController.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Heat Exchanger Controller
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.HeatingChamber.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Heating Chamber
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.ItemInput.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Item Input Port
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.ItemOutput.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Item Output Port
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.MixingChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mixing Chamber
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorAdvanced.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Power Capacitor
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorDense.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK High Density Power Capacitor
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Basic Power Capacitor
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.RFOutput.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Flux Generator
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.Sensor.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sensor Module
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.SteamTurbineController.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Steam Turbine Controller
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.SyngasController.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Syngas Producer Controller
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineBronze.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Turbine
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineController.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gas Turbine Controller
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineEnderium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Enderium Turbine
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineGold.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gold Plated Turbine
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineIron.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Iron Turbine
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineManyullyn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Manyullyn Turbine
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Steel Turbine
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.TurbineVibrant.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Turbine
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.syngas.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Syngas
fe.protection.break.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.name
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Connector
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.autooredictconv.converter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Auto Converter
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Chest
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Chest
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Backpack
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Chest
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.break.benway_knowledge.dummy.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.benway_knowledge_dummy.name
fe.protection.break.benway_knowledge.dummytg.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.benway_knowledge_dummytg.name
fe.protection.break.benway_knowledge.misc.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.benway_knowledge_misc.name
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chance Cube
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.break.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.amber.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.arcane.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.beacon.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brick Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Floor Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.copperblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Futura Circuit
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold2.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold_block.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gold Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.grimstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grimstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.holystone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron2.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_block.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.leadblock.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.leaves.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nation.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.present.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.rebel.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rebellious Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.road_line.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Road Lines
fe.protection.break.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.silverblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.steelblock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone (Snakestone)
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.tallow.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tallow
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.thaumium.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tinblock.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch1.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch10.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch3.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch4.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch5.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch6.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch7.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch8.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch9.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Valentines Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.warningSign.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Warning Sign
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Woolen Clay
fe.protection.break.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.break.compacter.Compacter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Compacter
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Oven
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Table
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fridge
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.sink.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sink
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tool Rack
fe.protection.break.dendrology.acemus_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acemus Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.cedrum_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cedrum Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.cerasu_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cerasu Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.delnas_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Delnas Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.dslab0.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.dslab1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.ewcaly_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ewcaly Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.hekur_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hekur Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.kiparis_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Kiparis Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.kulist_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Kulist Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.lata_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lata Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.leaves0.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.leaves1.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.leaves2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.leaves3.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.logs0.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.logs1.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.logs2.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.logs3.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.nucis_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nucis Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.porffor_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Porffor Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.salyx_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Salyx Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.sapling0.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.sapling1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.sslab0.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.sslab1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs0.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Acemus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs1.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cedrum Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs10.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Porffor Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs11.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Salyx Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs12.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tuopa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cerasu Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs3.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Delnas Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs4.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ewcaly Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs5.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hekur Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs6.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Kiparis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs7.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Kulist Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs8.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lata Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.stairs9.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nucis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.dendrology.tuopa_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tuopa Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.dendrology.wood0.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dendrology:wood.name
fe.protection.break.ds.acacia_wood_parquet.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Parquet
fe.protection.break.ds.birch_wood_parquet.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Parquet
fe.protection.break.ds.carved_stone_1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carved Stone Block #1
fe.protection.break.ds.carved_stone_2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carved Stone Block #2
fe.protection.break.ds.carved_stone_3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carved Stone Block #3
fe.protection.break.ds.cement.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cement
fe.protection.break.ds.checked_glass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Checked Glass Block
fe.protection.break.ds.clear_glass.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Clear Glass Block
fe.protection.break.ds.concrete.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.ds.concrete_masonry_unit.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Masonry Unit (CMU)
fe.protection.break.ds.concrete_tiles.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Tiles
fe.protection.break.ds.dark_metal.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Metal Block
fe.protection.break.ds.darkoak_wood_parquet.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.break.ds.glass_101.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glass Block 101
fe.protection.break.ds.jail_glass.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jail Glass Block
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Small Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_polished_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Polished Jungle Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_purpur_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_stone.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_stonebrick_carved.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.jungle_wood_parquet.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Parquet
fe.protection.break.ds.oak_wood_parquet.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.break.ds.polished_pumice.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Polished Pumice Block
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pumice Block
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pumice Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumice Glass Block
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_masonry_unit.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pumice Masonry Unit
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pumice Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_purpur_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pumice Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_stonebrick_carved.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.pumice_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.quartz_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass Block
fe.protection.break.ds.rusty_block.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Block
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_brick_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_cobblestone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_polished_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Polished Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_purpur_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_stone.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_stonebrick.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_stonebrick_carved.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.snow_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.spruce_wood_parquet.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Parquet
fe.protection.break.ds.white_brick_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK White Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.white_cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK White Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.ds.white_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.break.ds.white_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK White Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.white_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.white_polished_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Polished Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.white_purpur_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK White Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.ds.white_stone.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Stone
fe.protection.break.ds.white_stonebrick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.white_stonebrick_carved.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.ds.white_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cracked White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Magma Rock
fe.protection.break.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blade Trap
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Medium Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Solid Brine
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Powered Drain
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Niard
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Loot Recycler
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Portal Tank
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.break.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.break.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.break.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.break.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walrus
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Node in a Jar
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Claw
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Jar
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.break.gearswap.gearSwapperGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gear Swapper
fe.protection.break.gearswap.gearSwapperIron.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gear Swapper
fe.protection.break.gearswap.gearSwapperLapis.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gear Swapper
fe.protection.break.gearswap.gearSwapperStone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gear Swapper
fe.protection.break.gearswap.gearSwapperWood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gear Swapper
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockAgate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Agate Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockChrysocolla.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chrysocolla Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockCitrine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Citrine Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockGarnet.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Garnet Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockJade.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jade Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockJasper.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jasper Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockMalachite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Malachite Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockOnyx.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Onyx Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockPhoenixite.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Phoenixite Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockRuby.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockSapphire.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockSpinel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spinel Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockSugilite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sugilite Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockTopaz.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Topaz Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.blockTourmaline.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tourmaline Block
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassAgate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Agate Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassChrysocolla.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chrysocolla Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassCitrine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Citrine Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassGarnet.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Garnet Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassJade.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jade Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassJasper.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jasper Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassMalachite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Malachite Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassOnyx.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Onyx Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassPhoenixite.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Phoenixite Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassRuby.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassSapphire.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassSpinel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spinel Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassSugilite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sugilite Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassTopaz.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Topaz Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.glassTourmaline.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tourmaline Glass
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreAgate.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Agate Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreChrysocolla.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Chrysocolla Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreCitrine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Citrine Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreGarnet.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Garnet Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreJade.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jade Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreJasper.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jasper Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreMalachite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Malachite Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreOnyx.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Onyx Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.orePhoenixite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Phoenixite Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreRuby.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreSapphire.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreSpinel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spinel Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreSugilite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sugilite Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreTopaz.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Topaz Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.oreTourmaline.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tourmaline Ore
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandAgate.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Agate Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandChrysocolla.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Chrysocolla Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandCitrine.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Citrine Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandGarnet.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Garnet Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandJade.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jade Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandJasper.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jasper Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandMalachite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Malachite Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandOnyx.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Onyx Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandPhoenixite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Phoenixite Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandRuby.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandSapphire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandSpinel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spinel Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandSugilite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sugilite Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandTopaz.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Topaz Sand
fe.protection.break.gemsplus.tile.sandTourmaline.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tourmaline Sand
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Animal Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Berry Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Churn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cutting Board
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Desert Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gourd Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grass Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ground Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Herb Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leafy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Goosberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Barley Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Beet Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Celery Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Corn Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cotton Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ginger Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Grape Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leek Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oats Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Okra Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Onion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peanut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peas Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Radish Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rice Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rye Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Scallion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Soybean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spinach Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Turnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Quern
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sink.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stalk Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Textile Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water Garden
fe.protection.break.headcrumbs.betterSkull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.headcrumbs.betterSkull.name
fe.protection.break.headcrumbs.empty.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.headcrumbs.empty.name
fe.protection.break.headcrumbs.player.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.headcrumbs.player.name
fe.protection.break.imc.block_adamantium_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Adamantium Block
fe.protection.break.imc.block_adamantium_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Adamantium Ore
fe.protection.break.imc.block_colored_flower_pot.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_colored_flower_pot.name
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_0.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_10.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_11.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_12.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_13.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_14.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_15.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_16.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_3.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_4.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_5.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_6.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_7.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_8.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_9.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_hay_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hay Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_microsoft_carpet.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Microsoft Carpet
fe.protection.break.imc.block_mining_tnt.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mining TNT
fe.protection.break.imc.block_present.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.imc.block_red_sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.block_smooth_stone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_hay_slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_hay_slab.name
fe.protection.break.imc.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_red_sandstone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.imc.hay_slab.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hay Slab
fe.protection.break.imc.mobSpawner.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mob Spawner
fe.protection.break.imc.red_sandstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.imc.red_sandstone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Item Robin
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK ME Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.infinitic.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.littletiles.BlockLittleTiles.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.littletiles.LTColoredBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.LTBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.lootbags.loot_recycler.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Loot Recycler
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Accio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Air Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Alumite Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amber Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ardite Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blizz Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chicken Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Coal Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Copper Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cow Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Growth Pulser
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.DraconiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dye Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Earth Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Electrum Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enderium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Experience Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fire Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ghast Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gold Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Invar Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lead Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lumium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Minicio Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Minicio Ore
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nature Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ferrous Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peridot Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pig Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Platinum Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sheep Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Signalum Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silver Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slime Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soularium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spider Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tin Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Essence Stone
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.break.magmaox.MagmaBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Magma Block
fe.protection.break.magmaox.NetherWartBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.break.magmaox.RedNetherBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Nether Bricks
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carriage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brown Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gray Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Green Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lime Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pink Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Purple Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK SilverCurtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK White Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Door Factory
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Factory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Garage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jail Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Medieval Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.null.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Player Sensor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Saloon Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Shoji Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_bar_storage.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_blank_plate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_circle_plate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.frame.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_frame_crossed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_grate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.grate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_pipes.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_large_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_mesh.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.mesh.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_ornate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.ornate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_plate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_quarter_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_rune.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.rune.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_small_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_spiral.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.spiral.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_pipes.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_plate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_warning.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.warning.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.base_window.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.base.window.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_bar_storage.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_blank_plate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_circle_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_frame.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.frame.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_frame_crossed.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_grate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.grate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_pipes.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_large_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_mesh.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.mesh.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_ornate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.ornate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_plate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_quarter_plate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_rune.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.rune.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_small_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_spiral.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.spiral.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_pipes.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_warning.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.warning.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.ender_window.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.ender.window.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_bar_storage.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_blank_plate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_circle_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame_crossed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_grate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.grate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_plate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_large_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_mesh.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.mesh.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_ornate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.ornate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_plate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_quarter_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_rune.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.rune.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_small_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_spiral.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.spiral.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_pipes.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_warning.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.warning.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.fantasy_window.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.fantasy.window.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_bar_storage.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_blank_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_circle_plate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_frame.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.frame.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_frame_crossed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_grate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.grate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_large_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_mesh.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.mesh.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_ornate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.ornate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_plate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_quarter_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_rune.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.rune.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_small_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_spiral.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.spiral.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_pipes.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_warning.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.warning.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.nether_window.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.nether.window.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_bar_storage.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_blank_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_circle_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_frame.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.frame.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_frame_crossed.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_grate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.grate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_plate.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_large_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_mesh.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.mesh.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_ornate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.ornate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_quarter_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_rune.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.rune.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_small_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_spiral.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.spiral.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_warning.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.warning.name
fe.protection.break.metallurgychisel.precious_window.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.unknown.precious.window.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tilled Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Coral
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.name
fe.protection.break.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.name
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Laser Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.break.props.blockFake.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.props.blockProps.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.qCraft.qblock.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Computer
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Automatic Observer
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Ore
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Ore
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Portal
fe.protection.break.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Activity Probe
fe.protection.break.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Biome Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Protector
fe.protection.break.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Builder Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Counter
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.break.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.break.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.break.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dialing Device
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Builder
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Editor
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.break.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.break.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Extractor
fe.protection.break.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Environmental Controller
fe.protection.break.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Item Filter
fe.protection.break.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineBase.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Machine Base
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Machine Frame
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Machine Infuser
fe.protection.break.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Material Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Matter Beamer
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Matter Booster
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Matter Receiver
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.break.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Modular Storage
fe.protection.break.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pearl Injector
fe.protection.break.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Proxy Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.break.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Power Relay
fe.protection.break.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Remote Storage
fe.protection.break.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK RF Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Screen
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Screen Controller
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Screen
fe.protection.break.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Security Manager
fe.protection.break.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sequencer
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Shield Template
fe.protection.break.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Simple Dialer
fe.protection.break.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.break.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spawner
fe.protection.break.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Storage Scanner
fe.protection.break.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Support Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Time Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Timer
fe.protection.break.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Eruption Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Core
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) BREAK Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) BREAK Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.3.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.4.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.5.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.6.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.7.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.igneous_salt.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.5.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.6.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.7.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.metamorphic_salt.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.5.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.6.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.7.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ubcores.sedimentary_salt.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Vending Block
fe.protection.break.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.break.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                           # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockAtomicReconstructor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockBlackLotus.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Lotus
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockBookStand.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Manual Stand
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockBreaker.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanola.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Canola Plant
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaOil.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Canola Oil
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaPress.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Canola Press
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzSlab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzStair.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzWall.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoalGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Generator
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffee.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Plant
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffeeMachine.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Machine
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLamp.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLampOn.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLampOn.name
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCompost.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Compost
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockDirectionalBreaker.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockDropper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnergizer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Energizer
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnervator.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Enervator
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFeeder.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFermentingBarrel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFireworkBox.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Firework Box
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFishingNet.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishing Net
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFlax.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Flax Plant
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidCollector.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Collector
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidPlacer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Placer
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceDouble.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Double Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceSolar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockGiantChest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Storage Crate
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockGreenhouseGlass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinder.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusher
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinderDouble.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Double Crusher
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockHeatCollector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Collector
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE ESD
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputterAdvanced.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced ESD
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockItemRepairer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Repairer
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockLampPowerer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp Controller
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockLaserRelay.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Relay
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockLavaFactoryController.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockLeafGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockMiner.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Digger
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockMisc.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.blockMisc.name
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockOilGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil Generator
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBooster.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Booster
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBreaker.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomEnergyface.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomLiquiface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomPlacer.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Placer
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomface.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantomface
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzSlab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzStair.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzWall.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockPlacer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto-Placer
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzSlab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzStair.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzWall.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockRangedCollector.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ranged Collector
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockRice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Plant
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockSmileyCloud.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenFence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenSlab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenStairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenWall.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteFence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteSlab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteStairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteWall.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockTreasureChest.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockWild.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.blockWild.name
fe.protection.explode.ActuallyAdditions.blockXPSolidifier.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropAgate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropAgate.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Allium
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropChrysocolla.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropChrysocolla.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCitrine.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropCitrine.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Daisy
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dandelion
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropElementium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropElementium.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropGaia.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropGaia.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropJade.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropJade.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropJasper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropJasper.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropMalachite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropMalachite.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropNeutronium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropNeutronium.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropOnyx.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropOnyx.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Orchid
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppy
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSalt.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropSalt.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSesame.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropSesame.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSpinel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropSpinel.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugarcane
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSugilite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropSugilite.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSunflower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropSunflower.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Taint Root
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropTanzanite.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTopaz.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropTopaz.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTourmaline.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropTourmaline.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vishroom
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Pad
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Pad
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.explode.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.explode.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Architectural Block
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.infinitato.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinitato
fe.protection.explode.BigDoors.door3x3.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.door3x3.name
fe.protection.explode.BigDoors.metalDoors3x3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metalDoor3x3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Stone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blossom Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crag Rock
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravestone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Clump
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Poison
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tree Moss
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Vines
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisteria
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altGrass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altar.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.avatar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bellows.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrost.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.brewery.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cocoon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.distributor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchanter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.flower.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestEye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.hourglass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.mushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.Botania.openCrate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.platform.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pool.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prism.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pump.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pylon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.root.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.root.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.solidVine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spreader.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.starfield.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.storage.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.turntable.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenters Fence
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenters Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.CinderShroom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE CinderShroom
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.DerangedGolem_spawner.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DerangedGolem_spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.Mummy_spawner.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Mummy_spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.Pharoh_spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Pharoh_spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.SkeletonKnight_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SkeletonKnight_spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.SkeletonMage_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SkeletonMage_spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.Witch_spawner.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Witch_spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.cave_orchid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cave Orchid
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_water_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_igneous_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dripping_water_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.foxfire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Foxfire
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_fence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Icy Fence
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_column.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_igneous_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_column.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_column.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Icy Rail
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_column.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_roots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Roots
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_column.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_column.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_column.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_stone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.glowstone_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Stalactite
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.hanging_foxfire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hanging Foxfire
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.ice_patch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.icicle_base.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Icicle
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.icicle_small.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Icicle
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.icicle_tip.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Icicle
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_column.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_lavacrust.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_base.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_small.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lava_vine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cave Vines
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_column.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_column.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_lavacrust.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.mossy_dirt.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_stone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.mossy_sedimentary_stone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.mossy_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_igneous_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.raining_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_stone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.raining_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.raining_water_igneous_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.raining_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.raining_water_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.raining_water_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.redstone_column.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_base.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_small.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.roots.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roots.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sandstone_column.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_base.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentarySand.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentarySand.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_column.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_column.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_column.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_lavacrust.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_base.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_small.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_base.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_small.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.explode.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.innerwall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.innerwallcreative.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.innerwalldecor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Machine Wall (Decorative)
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.interfacecreative.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.interfacedecor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Machine Interface (Decorative)
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.machine.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Machine
fe.protection.explode.CompactMachines.resizingcube.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE World Resizing Cube
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Disenchanter
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Generator
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Particle Generator
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Detector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Potentiometer
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Dial
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Controller
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Bars
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender IO
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Rail
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Farming Station
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Water
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hootch
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Killer Joe
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fence
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Gate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Slab
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Wall
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Machine
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Binder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Telepad Block
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tesseract (Complete)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE The Vat
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.liquidSilicon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Silicon
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Brass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenConductiveIron.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Constantan
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenElectricalSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenEnergeticAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Fairy
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedGold.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Phased Gold
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedIron.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Phased Iron
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenRedstoneAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenSoularium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Soularium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Angel Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT Generator
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trading Post
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Log
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pottery Table
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Compost Bin
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Proxy
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Soil
fe.protection.explode.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Fire
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Heavy Chain
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Lantern
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lattice
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lattice
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Chain
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelilla
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Strange Plant
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Post
fe.protection.explode.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Post Fence
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.Fir_Sapling.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.hl_cocoa.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hl_cocoa.name
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.hl_woodDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hl_woodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.hl_woodPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hl_woodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.hl_woodSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hl_woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaWood.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Log
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_ashLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_ashSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_ashWood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeSapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowSapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_beechSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Beech Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_blueFlower.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Flower
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_blueberryBush.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Tree Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_canopySapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Tree Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyWood.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_cattail.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cattail
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_cotton.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cotton Plant
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_deadSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Tree Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_decBushSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Deciduous Bush Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_evgBushSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Evergreen Bush Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_firLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_firWood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_greatOakSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Great Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ironwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ironwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodWood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ironwood Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Maple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleSapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleWood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_lavender.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavender
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_leafyFern.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Leafy Fern
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveWood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Log
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_palmLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_palmSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_palmWood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Poplar Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Poplar Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarWood.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Poplar Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_raspberryBush.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodWood.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_thornbush.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Thornbush
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_whiteFlower.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Flower
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs0.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Poplar Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ironwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.bonemealApplicator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bonemeal Applicator
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.cakeConverter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake Converter
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.chargingPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Charging Plate
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.chargingPlateWooden.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Charging Plate
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.chestCharger.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest Charger
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.elevatorShaft.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Shaft
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.elevatorTop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Top
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.energyTeleporter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Endergy Cell
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.fluxBlaster.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Blaster
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.lifeConverter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Converter
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.mechanicalGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical Generator
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.mover.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mover
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.rngQuarry.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE RNG Quarry
fe.protection.explode.JAPTA.timeMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Machine
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.compressedChest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.diamondObsidian.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.digitalLocker.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Partitioned Crate
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.gravitatem.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Mob Manipulator
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.invisibleTorch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shimmering Spot
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.polarityNegator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Polarity Negator
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.precisionTNT.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Precision TNT
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.refinery.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.refinery_active.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.refinery_active.name
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.smoothGlowstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.vaultPart.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vaultPart.name
fe.protection.explode.JotatosPracticalities.witherFarmPart.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witherFarmPart.name
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.DimLamp.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dungeon Lantern
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.DimStone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.glowingstonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.glowingstoneglass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Stone Glass
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.metablock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Dni1.name
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.metablock2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Dni2.name
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.obsidianglowingstoneglass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.obsidianstoneglass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.explode.LightTweaks.stoneglass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Glass
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.abstractor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Abstractor
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.adamantine.molten.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.alduorite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Alduorite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.alloyer.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloyer
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.amordrine.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Amordrine
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.angmallen.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Angmallen
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.astral.silver.molten.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Astral Silver
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.atlarus.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Atlarus
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.base.block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.base.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.base.brick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.base.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.base.ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.base.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.black.steel.molten.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Black Steel
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.brass.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Brass
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.bronze.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.carmot.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Carmot
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.celenegil.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Celenegil
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.ceruclase.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ceruclase
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.copper.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.crusher.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusher
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.damascus.steel.molten.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Damascus Steel
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.deep.iron.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Deep Iron
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.desichalkos.molten.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Desichalkos
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.electrum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.ender.block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.ender.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.ender.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.ender.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.ender.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.ender.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.eximite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Eximite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.explosive.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metallurgy.explosive.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.extra.storage.block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.extra.storage.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.fantasy.block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.fantasy.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.fantasy.brick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.fantasy.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.fantasy.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.fantasy.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.forge.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Forge
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.haderoth.molten.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Haderoth
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.hepatizon.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Hepatizon
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.ignatius.molten.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ignatius
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.infuscolium.molten.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Infuscolium
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.inolashite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Inolashite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.kalendrite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Kalendrite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.lemurite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lemurite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.machine.frame.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Frame
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.manganese.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manganese
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.meutoite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Meutoite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.midasium.molten.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Midasium
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.mithril.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mithril
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.nether.block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.nether.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.nether.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.nether.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.nether.ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.nether.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.orichalcum.molten.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Orichalcum
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.oureclase.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Oureclase
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.platinum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Platinum
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.precious.block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.precious.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.precious.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.precious.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.precious.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.precious.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.prometheum.molten.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Prometheum
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.quicksilver.molten.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mystic Silver
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.rubracium.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Rubracium
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.sanguinite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Sanguinite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.shadow.iron.molten.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Shadow Iron
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.shadow.steel.molten.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Shadow Steel
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.silver.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.steel.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.tab.block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.tab.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.tartarite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Tartarite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.tin.molten.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Tin
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.utility.block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.utility.block.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.utility.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.utility.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.vanilla.brick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metal.block.vanilla.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.vulcanite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Vulcanite
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.vyroxeres.molten.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Vyroxeres
fe.protection.explode.Metallurgy.zinc.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE BioFuel
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE DetCord
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertile Dirt
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Meat
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewage
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.MyWorldGen.anchor.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.anchor.name
fe.protection.explode.MyWorldGen.anchorInventory.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Anchor
fe.protection.explode.MyWorldGen.ignore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ignore Block
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.AmRTG.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Americium RTG
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.CfRTG.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Californium RTG
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.EMP.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE EMP Bomb
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.EMPE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE EMP Bomb
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.RTG.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Plutonium RTG
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.WRTG.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Weak RTG
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.antimatterBomb.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.antimatterBombE.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.assemblerActive.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.assemblerIdle.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.blastBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast Resistant Block
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.blockBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.blockOre.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockOre.name
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.cellBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.collectorActive.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium Collector
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.collectorIdle.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium Collector
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.coolantCoolerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Coolant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.coolerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.coolerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Standard Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.coolerIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.crusherActive.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusher
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.crusherIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusher
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.cryotheumCoolerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cryotheum Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.denseSteamBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Steam
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.denseSteamDecompressor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherActive.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Crusher
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherIdle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Crusher
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Furnace
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceIdle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Furnace
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electrolyserActive.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrolyser
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electrolyserIdle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrolyser
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electromagnetActive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electromagnet
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.electromagnetIdle.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Electromagnet
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.emptyCoolerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.enderiumCoolerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.factoryActive.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Manufactory
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.factoryIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Manufactory
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteActive.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fission Controller
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteIdle.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fission Controller
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamActive.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamIdle.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.furnaceActive.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Metal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.furnaceIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Metal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionConnector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Connector
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionPlasmaBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Plasma
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionReactor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlockTop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteam.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlockTop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.glowstoneCoolerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.graphiteBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Graphite Block
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.hastenerActive.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Decay Hastener
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.hastenerIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Decay Hastener
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.heliumCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Helium Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorActive.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorIdle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.ioniserActive.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ioniser
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.ioniserIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ioniser
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.irradiatorActive.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.irradiatorIdle.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.liquidHeliumBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Helium
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.lithiumIonBatteryBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lithium Ion Battery
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.machineBlockNC.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Base
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceIdle.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.nuclearWorkspace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Heavy Duty Workspace
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.nuke.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuke
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.nukeE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuke
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.oxidiserActive.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxidiser
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.oxidiserIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxidiser
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorActive.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Reaction Generator
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorIdle.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Reaction Generator
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.reactorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Casing
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.recyclerActive.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.recyclerIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.redstoneCoolerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.separatorActive.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Isotope Separator
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.separatorIdle.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Isotope Separator
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumDown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumUp.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.solarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.speedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Speed Block
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.steamBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.steamDecompressor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.steamGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Generator
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetActive.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetIdle.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.supercoolerActive.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.supercoolerIdle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.superdenseSteamBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Superdense Steam
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.synchrotronActive.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.synchrotronIdle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.tubing1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Horizontal Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.tubing2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.voltaicPile.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Voltaic Pile
fe.protection.explode.NuclearCraft.waterCoolerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Button
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave (Break to recover your inventory).
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Healer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.ChannelSelector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Channel Selector
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.Clock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Clock
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.DataCable.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Data Cable
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.DataEmitter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Data Emitter
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.DataModifier.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Data Modifier
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.DataReceiver.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Data Receiver
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.DisplayScreen.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DisplayScreen.name
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.EnergyReader.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Reader
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.EntityNode.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Entity Node
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.FluidReader.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Reader
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.Hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Forging Hammer
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.Hammer_Air.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Forging Hammer
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.HolographicDisplay.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Holographic Display
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.InfoCreator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Info Creator
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.InfoReader.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Info Reader
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.InventoryReader.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Reader
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.ItemRouter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Router
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.LargeDisplayScreen.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Display Screen
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.MultiCable.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Channelled Cable
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.Node.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Node
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_OFF.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_ON.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.SapphireOre.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.explode.PracticalLogistics.TransceiverArray.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Transceiver Array
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.ashplanks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ashplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.ashslab.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ashslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.ashstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ashstairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.cinnamonplanks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cinnamonplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.cinnamonslab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cinnamonslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.cinnamonstairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cinnamonstairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.deadplanks.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deadplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.deadslab.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deadslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.deadstairs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deadstairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.giantflowerplanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.giantflowerplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.giantflowerslab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.giantflowerslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.giantflowerstairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.giantflowerstairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.japanesemapleplanks.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.japanesemapleplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.japanesemapleslab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.japanesemapleslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.japanesemaplestairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.japanesemaplestairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.mahoganyslab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mahoganyslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.mapleplanks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mapleplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.mapleslab.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mapleslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.maplestairs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.maplestairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.paperbarkplanks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paperbarkplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.paperbarkslab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paperbarkslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.paperbarkstairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paperbarkstairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.rubberplanks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rubberplanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.rubberslab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rubberslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.rubberstairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rubberstairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stonecentered.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonecentered.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stonecobble.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonecobble.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stoneembossed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneembossed.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stoneengraved.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneengraved.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stoneetched.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneetched.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stoneinscribed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneinscribed.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stonelargebricks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonelargebricks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stonelined.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonelined.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stoneraised.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneraised.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stoneround.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneround.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stonesmallbricks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonesmallbricks.name
fe.protection.explode.Quadrum.stonetile.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonetile.name
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Online Detector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Block
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Controller Slave
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Framing Table
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Trim
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Drying Rack
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Station
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue Block
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Frying Pan
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hambone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Landmine
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE SDX
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Invar
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ferrous
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Stick
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockLumos.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lumos
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Urn
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bound Chest
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bound Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Think Tank
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Mana
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.explode.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone4.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone5.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone6.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone7.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone0.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone4.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone5.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone6.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone7.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick4.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick5.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick6.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick7.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone4.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone5.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone6.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone7.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone4.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone5.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone6.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone7.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick4.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick5.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick6.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick7.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone4.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone5.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone6.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone7.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneousCobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneFullSlab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneousStone.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.igneousStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickFullSlab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneFullSlab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneHalfSlab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_monsterStoneEgg.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreCoal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreEmerald.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreGold.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreLapis.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreRedstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphicCobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphicStone.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneFullSlab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneHalfSlab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_monsterStoneEgg.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreCoal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreEmerald.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreGold.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreIron.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreLapis.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreRedstone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sedimentaryStone.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneFullSlab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_monsterStoneEgg.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreCoal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreEmerald.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreGold.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreIron.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreLapis.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreRedstone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone0.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousCobblestone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStoneBrick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicCobblestone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.sedimentaryStone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.explode.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBlue.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBrown.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampCyan.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGray.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGreen.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampPurple.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampRed.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampYellow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuraLampYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickGray.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickPurple.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickRed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.BrickYellow.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BrickYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBlue.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBrown.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetCyan.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGray.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGreen.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetPurple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetRed.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetYellow.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBlue.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBrown.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolCyan.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGray.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGreen.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolPurple.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolRed.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolYellow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CheckeredWoolYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayGray.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayRed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ClayYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ClayYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBlue.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBrown.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickCyan.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGray.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGreen.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickPurple.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickRed.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickYellow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ColouredBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBrown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskPurple.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskRed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DamaskYellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DamaskYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBlue.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBrown.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedCyan.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGray.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGreen.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedPurple.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedRed.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedYellow.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DiagonallyDottedYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedBrown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedGray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedGreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedPurple.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedRed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.DottedYellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DottedYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBlue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBrown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesCyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGreen.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesPurple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesRed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesYellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FancyTilesYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralBrown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralGray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralGreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralPurple.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralRed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FloralYellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FloralYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBlue.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBrown.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassCyan.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGray.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGreen.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassPurple.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassRed.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassYellow.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBlue.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBrown.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneCyan.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGreen.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPanePurple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneRed.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneYellow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FrostedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.Jewel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Jewel.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledBlue.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledBrown.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledCyan.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledGray.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledGreen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledPurple.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledRed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.RippledYellow.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RippledYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidBlueBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidBrownBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidCyanBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidGrayBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidGreenBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidPurpleBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidRedBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.SolidYellowBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SolidYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.Stamp.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Stamp.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBlue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBrown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickCyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGreen.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickPurple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickRed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickYellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBlue.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBrown.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampCyan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGray.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGreen.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampPurple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampRed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampYellow.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StoneLampYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedBlue.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedBrown.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedCyan.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedGray.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedGreen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedPurple.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedRed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.StripedYellow.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StripedYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBlue.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBrown.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassCyan.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGray.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGreen.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassPurple.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassRed.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassYellow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBlue.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBrown.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneCyan.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGray.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGreen.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPanePurple.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneRed.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneYellow.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TexturedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBlue.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBrown.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassCyan.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGreen.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassPurple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassRed.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassYellow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBlue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBrown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneCyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGreen.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPanePurple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneRed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneYellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TintedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBlue.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBrown.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankCyan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGray.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGreen.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankPurple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankRed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankYellow.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodPlankYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBlue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBrown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetCyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGreen.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetPurple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetRed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetYellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolCyan.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolGray.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolGray.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolPurple.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolRed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolRed.name
fe.protection.explode.WallpaperCraft.WoolYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoolYellow.name
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rose Vines
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Walkway
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.booster.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Clean Gardeners Dirt
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampb.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampf.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampt.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_bone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Bones
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_clay.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Clay
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_cobblestonemossy.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_dustgunpowder.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Gunpowder
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_endstone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE %s End Stone
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_meatrotten.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_pearlender.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Ender Pearl
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_soulsand.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.additionalcompression.compressed_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE %s Stone
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.Control.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Control Module
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel/Air Mixer
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Mix Compressor
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.FluidInput.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Intake Valve
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.FluidOutputSelect.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Output Valve
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.FuelTank.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Tank
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.GasInput.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Intake Valve
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.HeatExchanger.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.HeatExchangerController.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Exchanger Controller
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.HeatingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Heating Chamber
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.ItemInput.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Input Port
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.ItemOutput.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Output Port
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.MixingChamber.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mixing Chamber
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorAdvanced.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Power Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorDense.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE High Density Power Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorRedstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Power Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.RFOutput.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Generator
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.Sensor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sensor Module
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.SteamTurbineController.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Turbine Controller
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.SyngasController.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Syngas Producer Controller
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineBronze.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Turbine
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineController.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Turbine Controller
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineEnderium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderium Turbine
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineGold.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Plated Turbine
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineIron.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Turbine
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineManyullyn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Manyullyn Turbine
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Turbine
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.TurbineVibrant.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Turbine
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.syngas.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Syngas
fe.protection.explode.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.name
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.autooredictconv.converter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Converter
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Backpack
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.explode.benway_knowledge.dummy.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.benway_knowledge_dummy.name
fe.protection.explode.benway_knowledge.dummytg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.benway_knowledge_dummytg.name
fe.protection.explode.benway_knowledge.misc.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.benway_knowledge_misc.name
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chance Cube
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.explode.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.amber.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.arcane.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.beacon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.copperblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold2.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold_block.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.grimstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grimstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.holystone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron2.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_block.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leadblock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nation.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.present.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.rebel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.road_line.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Road Lines
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.silverblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.steelblock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone (Snakestone)
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tallow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical4.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.thaumium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tinblock.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch1.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch10.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch3.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch4.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch5.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch6.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch7.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch8.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch9.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.warningSign.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Warning Sign
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.explode.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.explode.compacter.Compacter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacter
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Table
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fridge
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.sink.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sink
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Rack
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.acemus_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acemus Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.cedrum_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cedrum Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.cerasu_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cerasu Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.delnas_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Delnas Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.dslab0.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.dslab1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.ewcaly_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ewcaly Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.hekur_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hekur Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.kiparis_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Kiparis Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.kulist_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Kulist Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.lata_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lata Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.leaves0.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.leaves1.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.leaves3.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.logs0.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.logs1.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.logs2.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.logs3.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.nucis_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nucis Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.porffor_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Porffor Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.salyx_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Salyx Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.sapling0.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.sapling1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.sslab0.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.sslab1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs0.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acemus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs1.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cedrum Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs10.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Porffor Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs11.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Salyx Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs12.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tuopa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cerasu Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs3.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Delnas Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs4.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ewcaly Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs5.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hekur Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs6.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Kiparis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs7.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Kulist Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs8.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lata Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.stairs9.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nucis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.tuopa_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tuopa Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.dendrology.wood0.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dendrology:wood.name
fe.protection.explode.ds.acacia_wood_parquet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Parquet
fe.protection.explode.ds.birch_wood_parquet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Parquet
fe.protection.explode.ds.carved_stone_1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Stone Block #1
fe.protection.explode.ds.carved_stone_2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Stone Block #2
fe.protection.explode.ds.carved_stone_3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Stone Block #3
fe.protection.explode.ds.cement.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cement
fe.protection.explode.ds.checked_glass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Checked Glass Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.clear_glass.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Clear Glass Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.concrete.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.ds.concrete_masonry_unit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Masonry Unit (CMU)
fe.protection.explode.ds.concrete_tiles.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Tiles
fe.protection.explode.ds.dark_metal.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Metal Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.darkoak_wood_parquet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.explode.ds.glass_101.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Block 101
fe.protection.explode.ds.jail_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jail Glass Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_polished_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Polished Jungle Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_purpur_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_stone.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_stonebrick_carved.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_stonebrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.jungle_wood_parquet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Parquet
fe.protection.explode.ds.oak_wood_parquet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.explode.ds.polished_pumice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Polished Pumice Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumice Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumice Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumice Glass Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_masonry_unit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumice Masonry Unit
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumice Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_purpur_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumice Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_stonebrick_carved.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.pumice_stonebrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.quartz_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.rusty_block.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_polished_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Polished Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_purpur_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_stone.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_stonebrick_carved.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.snow_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.spruce_wood_parquet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Parquet
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_brick_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE White Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE White Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE White Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_polished_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Polished Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_purpur_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_stone.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stone
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_stonebrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_stonebrick_carved.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ds.white_stonebrick_cracked.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Rock
fe.protection.explode.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blade Trap
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Heavy Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Brine
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Drain
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Niard
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Tank
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.explode.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.explode.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.explode.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.explode.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walrus
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Claw
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Jar
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.gearswap.gearSwapperGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.explode.gearswap.gearSwapperIron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.explode.gearswap.gearSwapperLapis.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.explode.gearswap.gearSwapperStone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.explode.gearswap.gearSwapperWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockAgate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Agate Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockChrysocolla.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chrysocolla Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockCitrine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Citrine Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockGarnet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Garnet Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockJade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jade Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockJasper.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jasper Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockMalachite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Malachite Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockOnyx.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Onyx Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockPhoenixite.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Phoenixite Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockRuby.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockSapphire.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockSpinel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinel Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockSugilite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugilite Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockTopaz.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Topaz Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.blockTourmaline.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tourmaline Block
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassAgate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Agate Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassChrysocolla.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chrysocolla Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassCitrine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Citrine Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassGarnet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Garnet Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassJade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jade Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassJasper.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jasper Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassMalachite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Malachite Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassOnyx.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Onyx Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassPhoenixite.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Phoenixite Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassRuby.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassSapphire.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassSpinel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinel Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassSugilite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugilite Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassTopaz.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Topaz Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.glassTourmaline.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tourmaline Glass
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreAgate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Agate Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreChrysocolla.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chrysocolla Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreCitrine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Citrine Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreGarnet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Garnet Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreJade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jade Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreJasper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jasper Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreMalachite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Malachite Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreOnyx.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Onyx Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.orePhoenixite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Phoenixite Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreRuby.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreSapphire.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreSpinel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinel Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreSugilite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugilite Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreTopaz.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Topaz Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.oreTourmaline.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tourmaline Ore
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandAgate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Agate Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandChrysocolla.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chrysocolla Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandCitrine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Citrine Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandGarnet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Garnet Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandJade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jade Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandJasper.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jasper Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandMalachite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Malachite Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandOnyx.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Onyx Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandPhoenixite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Phoenixite Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandRuby.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandSapphire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandSpinel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinel Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandSugilite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugilite Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandTopaz.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Topaz Sand
fe.protection.explode.gemsplus.tile.sandTourmaline.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tourmaline Sand
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Berry Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Churn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cutting Board
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Desert Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Herb Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Goosberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Barley Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Beet Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Celery Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Corn Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leek Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oats Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Okra Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Onion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peas Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Radish Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rye Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Quern
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Ore
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Textile Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Garden
fe.protection.explode.headcrumbs.betterSkull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.headcrumbs.betterSkull.name
fe.protection.explode.headcrumbs.empty.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.headcrumbs.empty.name
fe.protection.explode.headcrumbs.player.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.headcrumbs.player.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_adamantium_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Adamantium Block
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_adamantium_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Adamantium Ore
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_colored_flower_pot.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_colored_flower_pot.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_0.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_10.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_11.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_12.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_13.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_14.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_15.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_16.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_3.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_4.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_5.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_6.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_7.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_8.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_9.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_hay_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_microsoft_carpet.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Microsoft Carpet
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_mining_tnt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining TNT
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_present.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_red_sandstone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.block_smooth_stone_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_hay_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_hay_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_red_sandstone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.hay_slab.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Slab
fe.protection.explode.imc.mobSpawner.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Spawner
fe.protection.explode.imc.red_sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.imc.red_sandstone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Robin
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.infinitic.fluid.molten.lead.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.littletiles.BlockLittleTiles.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.littletiles.LTColoredBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LTBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.lootbags.loot_recycler.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Accio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Alumite Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cow Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Growth Pulser
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.DraconiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dye Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Earth Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Invar Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Minicio Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Minicio Ore
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nature Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ferrous Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pig Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spider Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence Stone
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.magmaox.MagmaBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Block
fe.protection.explode.magmaox.NetherWartBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.explode.magmaox.RedNetherBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nether Bricks
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carriage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE White Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Door Factory
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Forcefield
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jail Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Medieval Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.null.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Sensor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Saloon Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Shoji Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_bar_storage.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_blank_plate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_circle_plate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_frame.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_frame_crossed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_grate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.grate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_large_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_mesh.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.mesh.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_ornate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.ornate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_plate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_quarter_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_rune.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.rune.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_small_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_spiral.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.spiral.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_pipes.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_warning.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.warning.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.base_window.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.base.window.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_bar_storage.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_blank_plate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_circle_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_frame.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_frame_crossed.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_grate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.grate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_large_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_mesh.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.mesh.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_ornate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.ornate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_plate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_quarter_plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_rune.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.rune.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_small_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_spiral.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.spiral.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_pipes.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_warning.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.warning.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.ender_window.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.ender.window.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_bar_storage.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_blank_plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_circle_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame_crossed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_grate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.grate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_pipes.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_plate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_large_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_mesh.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.mesh.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_ornate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.ornate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_quarter_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_rune.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.rune.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_small_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_spiral.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.spiral.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_warning.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.warning.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.fantasy_window.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.fantasy.window.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_bar_storage.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_blank_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_circle_plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_frame.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_frame_crossed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_grate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.grate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_large_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_mesh.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.mesh.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_ornate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.ornate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_plate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_quarter_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_rune.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.rune.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_small_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_spiral.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.spiral.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_warning.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.warning.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.nether_window.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.nether.window.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_bar_storage.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_blank_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_circle_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_frame.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_frame_crossed.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_grate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.grate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_pipes.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_plate.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_large_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_mesh.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.mesh.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_ornate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.ornate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_quarter_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_rune.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.rune.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_small_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_spiral.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.spiral.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_warning.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.warning.name
fe.protection.explode.metallurgychisel.precious_window.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unknown.precious.window.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tilled Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Coral
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.name
fe.protection.explode.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.name
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.explode.props.blockFake.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.props.blockProps.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.qblock.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.explode.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Activity Probe
fe.protection.explode.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Protector
fe.protection.explode.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Counter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.explode.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.explode.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dialing Device
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.explode.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.explode.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.explode.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Filter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineBase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Base
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Frame
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.explode.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Material Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Booster
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Modular Storage
fe.protection.explode.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.explode.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Proxy Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Relay
fe.protection.explode.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Remote Storage
fe.protection.explode.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen Controller
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen
fe.protection.explode.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Security Manager
fe.protection.explode.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sequencer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Template
fe.protection.explode.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spawner
fe.protection.explode.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.explode.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Support Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Timer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Eruption Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.3.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.4.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.5.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.6.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.7.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.igneous_salt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.5.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.6.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.7.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.metamorphic_salt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.5.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.6.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.7.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ubcores.sedimentary_salt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vending Block
fe.protection.explode.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.explode.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                          # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockAtomicReconstructor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockBlackLotus.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Lotus
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockBookStand.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Manual Stand
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockBreaker.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanola.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Canola Plant
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaOil.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Canola Oil
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaPress.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Canola Press
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzSlab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzStair.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzWall.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoalGenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Generator
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffee.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Plant
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffeeMachine.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Machine
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLamp.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLampOn.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLampOn.name
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCompost.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Compost
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockDirectionalBreaker.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockDropper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnergizer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energizer
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnervator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Enervator
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFeeder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFermentingBarrel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFireworkBox.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Firework Box
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFishingNet.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fishing Net
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFlax.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flax Plant
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidCollector.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Collector
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidPlacer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Placer
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceDouble.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Double Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceSolar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockGiantChest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Storage Crate
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockGreenhouseGlass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinder.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crusher
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinderDouble.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Double Crusher
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockHeatCollector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Collector
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT ESD
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputterAdvanced.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced ESD
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockItemRepairer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Item Repairer
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockLampPowerer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp Controller
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockLaserRelay.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Relay
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockLavaFactoryController.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockLeafGenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockMiner.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Digger
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockMisc.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.blockMisc.name
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockOil.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockOilGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Oil Generator
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBooster.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Booster
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBreaker.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomEnergyface.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomLiquiface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomPlacer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Placer
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomface.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Phantomface
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzSlab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzStair.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzWall.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockPlacer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Auto-Placer
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzSlab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzStair.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzWall.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockRangedCollector.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ranged Collector
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockRice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Plant
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockSmileyCloud.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenFence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenSlab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenStairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenWall.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteFence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteSlab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteStairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteWall.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockTreasureChest.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockWild.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.blockWild.name
fe.protection.interact.ActuallyAdditions.blockXPSolidifier.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAgate.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropAgate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Allium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropChrysocolla.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropChrysocolla.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cinderpearl
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCitrine.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropCitrine.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Daisy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dandelion
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropElementium.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropElementium.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropGaia.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropGaia.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropJade.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropJade.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropJasper.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropJasper.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropMalachite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropMalachite.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropNeutronium.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropNeutronium.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropOnyx.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropOnyx.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Orchid
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Poppy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Potato
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSalt.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropSalt.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSesame.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropSesame.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSpinel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropSpinel.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sugarcane
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSugilite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropSugilite.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSunflower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropSunflower.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Taint Root
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTanzanite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropTanzanite.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTopaz.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropTopaz.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTourmaline.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropTourmaline.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crop Sticks
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.interact.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.interact.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Architectural Block
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Neutron Collector
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.infinitato.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Infinitato
fe.protection.interact.BigDoors.door3x3.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.door3x3.name
fe.protection.interact.BigDoors.metalDoors3x3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metalDoor3x3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Stone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bones.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blossom Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crag Rock
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flowering Vines
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gravestone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Sand
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Long Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Clump
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petals.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plants.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Poison
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tree Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Vines
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wisteria
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altGrass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.avatar.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bellows.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrost.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.brewery.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cocoon.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.distributor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchanter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.flower.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestEye.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.hourglass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.Botania.openCrate.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.platform.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pool.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pool.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prism.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prism.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pump.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pump.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pylon.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.root.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.root.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.solidVine.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spreader.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.starfield.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.turntable.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenters Fence
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenters Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.CinderShroom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT CinderShroom
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.DerangedGolem_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DerangedGolem_spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.Mummy_spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Mummy_spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.Pharoh_spawner.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Pharoh_spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.SkeletonKnight_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SkeletonKnight_spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.SkeletonMage_spawner.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SkeletonMage_spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.Witch_spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Witch_spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.cave_orchid.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cave Orchid
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_dirt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_water_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_igneous_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dripping_water_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.foxfire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Foxfire
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Icy Fence
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_column.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_igneous_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_column.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_column.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Icy Rail
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_column.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_roots.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Roots
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_column.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_column.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_column.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_stone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.glowstone_stalactite_small.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Stalactite
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.hanging_foxfire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hanging Foxfire
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.ice_patch.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.icicle_base.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Icicle
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.icicle_small.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Icicle
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.icicle_tip.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Icicle
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_column.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_lavacrust.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_base.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_small.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lava_vine.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cave Vines
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_column.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_column.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_lavacrust.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.mossy_dirt.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_stone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.mossy_sedimentary_stone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.mossy_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_igneous_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.raining_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_stone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.raining_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.raining_water_igneous_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.raining_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.raining_water_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.raining_water_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.redstone_column.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_base.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.roots.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roots.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sandstone_column.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_base.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_small.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentarySand.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentarySand.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_column.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_column.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_column.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_lavacrust.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_base.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_small.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_tip.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_base.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_small.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.interact.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.innerwall.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.innerwallcreative.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.innerwalldecor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Machine Wall (Decorative)
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.interface.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.interfacecreative.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.interfacedecor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Machine Interface (Decorative)
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.machine.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Machine
fe.protection.interact.CompactMachines.resizingcube.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT World Resizing Cube
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Disenchanter
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Draconic Chest
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Ore
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Infuser
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Pylon
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Generator
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Grinder
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Particle Generator
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Player Detector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Potentiometer
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rain Sensor
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Dial
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Controller
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Distortion Flame
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Conduit Connector
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Bars
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender IO
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Rail
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Skull
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Water
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hootch
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ingot Storage
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Panel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Killer Joe
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Carpet
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fence
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Gate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Slab
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stairs
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Wall
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Machine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Spawner
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Binder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stirling Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Telepad Block
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tesseract (Complete)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Travel Anchor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT The Vat
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charger
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zombie Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.liquidSilicon.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Silicon
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Brass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenConductiveIron.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Constantan
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenElectricalSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Elementium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenEnergeticAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Fairy
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedGold.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Phased Gold
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedIron.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Phased Iron
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenRedstoneAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenSoularium.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Soularium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Zinc
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Marker
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT TNT Generator
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magnum Torch
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Post
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Star Block
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Log
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Planks
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wrath Cage
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pottery Table
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Compost Bin
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Proxy
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Small Fire
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Chain
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Lantern
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lattice
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lattice
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Light Chain
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Candelilla
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Strange Plant
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Post
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Post Fence
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.Fir_Sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.hl_cocoa.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hl_cocoa.name
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.hl_woodDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hl_woodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.hl_woodPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hl_woodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.hl_woodSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hl_woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaWood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Log
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_ashLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_ashSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_ashWood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeSapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowSapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_beechSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Beech Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_blueFlower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Flower
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_blueberryBush.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Tree Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_canopySapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Tree Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyWood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_cattail.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cattail
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_cotton.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cotton Plant
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_deadSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Tree Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_decBushSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Deciduous Bush Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_evgBushSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Evergreen Bush Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_firLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_firWood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_greatOakSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Great Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ironwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ironwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodWood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ironwood Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Maple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleSapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleWood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_lavender.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lavender
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_leafyFern.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Leafy Fern
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveWood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Log
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_palmLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_palmSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_palmWood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Poplar Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Poplar Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarWood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Poplar Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_raspberryBush.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodWood.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_thornbush.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Thornbush
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_whiteFlower.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT White Flower
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Poplar Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ironwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.bonemealApplicator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bonemeal Applicator
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.cakeConverter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cake Converter
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.chargingPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Charging Plate
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.chargingPlateWooden.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Charging Plate
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.chestCharger.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chest Charger
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.elevatorShaft.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Shaft
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.elevatorTop.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Top
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.energyTeleporter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Endergy Cell
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.fluxBlaster.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Blaster
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.lifeConverter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Life Converter
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.mechanicalGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical Generator
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.mover.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mover
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.rngQuarry.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT RNG Quarry
fe.protection.interact.JAPTA.timeMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Time Machine
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.compressedChest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Chest
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.diamondObsidian.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.digitalLocker.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Partitioned Crate
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.gravitatem.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Mob Manipulator
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.invisibleTorch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shimmering Spot
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.polarityNegator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Polarity Negator
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.precisionTNT.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Precision TNT
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.refinery.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.refinery_active.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.refinery_active.name
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.smoothGlowstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.vaultPart.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vaultPart.name
fe.protection.interact.JotatosPracticalities.witherFarmPart.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witherFarmPart.name
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.DimLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dungeon Lantern
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.DimStone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.glowingstonebrick.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.glowingstoneglass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Stone Glass
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.metablock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Dni1.name
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.metablock2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Dni2.name
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.obsidianglowingstoneglass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.obsidianstoneglass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.interact.LightTweaks.stoneglass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Glass
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.abstractor.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Abstractor
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.adamantine.molten.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.alduorite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Alduorite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.alloyer.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Alloyer
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.amordrine.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Amordrine
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.angmallen.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Angmallen
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.astral.silver.molten.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Astral Silver
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.atlarus.molten.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Atlarus
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.base.block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.base.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.base.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.base.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.base.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.base.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.black.steel.molten.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Black Steel
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.brass.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Brass
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.bronze.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.carmot.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Carmot
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.celenegil.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Celenegil
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.ceruclase.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ceruclase
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.copper.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.crusher.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crusher
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.damascus.steel.molten.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Damascus Steel
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.deep.iron.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Deep Iron
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.desichalkos.molten.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Desichalkos
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.electrum.molten.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.ender.block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.ender.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.ender.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.ender.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.ender.ore.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.ender.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.eximite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Eximite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.explosive.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metallurgy.explosive.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.extra.storage.block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.extra.storage.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.fantasy.block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.fantasy.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.fantasy.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.fantasy.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.fantasy.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.fantasy.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.forge.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Forge
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.haderoth.molten.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Haderoth
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.hepatizon.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Hepatizon
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.ignatius.molten.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ignatius
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.infuscolium.molten.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Infuscolium
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.inolashite.molten.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Inolashite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.kalendrite.molten.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Kalendrite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.lemurite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lemurite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.machine.frame.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Frame
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.manganese.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manganese
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.meutoite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Meutoite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.midasium.molten.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Midasium
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.mithril.molten.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mithril
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.nether.block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.nether.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.nether.brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.nether.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.nether.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.nether.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.orichalcum.molten.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Orichalcum
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.oureclase.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Oureclase
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.platinum.molten.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Platinum
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.precious.block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.precious.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.precious.brick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.precious.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.precious.ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.precious.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.prometheum.molten.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Prometheum
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.quicksilver.molten.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mystic Silver
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.rubracium.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Rubracium
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.sanguinite.molten.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Sanguinite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.shadow.iron.molten.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Shadow Iron
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.shadow.steel.molten.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Shadow Steel
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.silver.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.steel.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.tab.block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.tab.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.tartarite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Tartarite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.tin.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Tin
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.utility.block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.utility.block.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.utility.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.utility.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.vanilla.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metal.block.vanilla.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.vulcanite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Vulcanite
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.vyroxeres.molten.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Vyroxeres
fe.protection.interact.Metallurgy.zinc.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Zinc
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT BioFuel
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT RedNet Cable
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT DetCord
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fertile Dirt
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Meat
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Essence
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Plastic
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Wood
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sewage
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Tank
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.MyWorldGen.anchor.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.anchor.name
fe.protection.interact.MyWorldGen.anchorInventory.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Anchor
fe.protection.interact.MyWorldGen.ignore.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ignore Block
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.AmRTG.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Americium RTG
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.CfRTG.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Californium RTG
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.EMP.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT EMP Bomb
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.EMPE.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT EMP Bomb
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.RTG.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Plutonium RTG
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.WRTG.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Weak RTG
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.antimatterBomb.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.antimatterBombE.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.assemblerActive.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Assembler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.assemblerIdle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Assembler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.blastBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blast Resistant Block
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.blockBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.blockOre.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockOre.name
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.cellBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.collectorActive.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Helium Collector
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.collectorIdle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Helium Collector
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.coolantCoolerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Coolant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.coolerActive.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.coolerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Standard Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.coolerIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.crusherActive.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crusher
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.crusherIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crusher
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.cryotheumCoolerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cryotheum Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.denseSteamBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Steam
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.denseSteamDecompressor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherActive.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Crusher
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherIdle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Crusher
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceActive.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Furnace
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceIdle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Furnace
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electrolyserActive.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Electrolyser
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electrolyserIdle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Electrolyser
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electromagnetActive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electromagnet
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.electromagnetIdle.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Electromagnet
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.emptyCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.enderiumCoolerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.factoryActive.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Manufactory
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.factoryIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Manufactory
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteActive.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fission Controller
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteIdle.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fission Controller
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamActive.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamIdle.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.furnaceActive.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.furnaceIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionConnector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Connector
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionPlasmaBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Plasma
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionReactor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlockTop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteam.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlockTop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.glowstoneCoolerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.graphiteBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Graphite Block
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.hastenerActive.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Decay Hastener
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.hastenerIdle.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Decay Hastener
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.heliumCoolerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Helium Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorActive.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorIdle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.ioniserActive.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ioniser
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.ioniserIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ioniser
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.irradiatorActive.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.irradiatorIdle.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.liquidHeliumBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Helium
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.lithiumIonBatteryBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lithium Ion Battery
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.machineBlockNC.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Base
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceIdle.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.nuclearWorkspace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Duty Workspace
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.nuke.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nuke
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.nukeE.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nuke
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.oxidiserActive.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oxidiser
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.oxidiserIdle.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oxidiser
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorActive.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Reaction Generator
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorIdle.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Reaction Generator
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.reactorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Casing
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.recyclerActive.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.recyclerIdle.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.redstoneCoolerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.separatorActive.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Isotope Separator
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.separatorIdle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Isotope Separator
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumDown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumUp.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.solarPanel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.speedBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Speed Block
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.steamBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.steamDecompressor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.steamGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Generator
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetActive.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetIdle.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.supercoolerActive.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.supercoolerIdle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.superdenseSteamBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Superdense Steam
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.synchrotronActive.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.synchrotronIdle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.tubing1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Horizontal Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.tubing2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.voltaicPile.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Voltaic Pile
fe.protection.interact.NuclearCraft.waterCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grave (Break to recover your inventory).
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.ChannelSelector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Channel Selector
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.Clock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Clock
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.DataCable.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Data Cable
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.DataEmitter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Data Emitter
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.DataModifier.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Data Modifier
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.DataReceiver.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Data Receiver
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.DisplayScreen.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DisplayScreen.name
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.EnergyReader.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Reader
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.EntityNode.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Entity Node
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.FluidReader.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Reader
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.Hammer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Forging Hammer
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.Hammer_Air.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Forging Hammer
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.HolographicDisplay.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Holographic Display
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.InfoCreator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Info Creator
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.InfoReader.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Info Reader
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.InventoryReader.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Reader
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.ItemRouter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Item Router
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.LargeDisplayScreen.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Large Display Screen
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.MultiCable.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Channelled Cable
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.Node.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Node
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_OFF.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_ON.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.SapphireOre.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.interact.PracticalLogistics.TransceiverArray.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Transceiver Array
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Condenser
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Transmutation Table
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.ashplanks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ashplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.ashslab.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ashslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.ashstairs.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ashstairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.cinnamonplanks.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cinnamonplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.cinnamonslab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cinnamonslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.cinnamonstairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cinnamonstairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.deadplanks.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deadplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.deadslab.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deadslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.deadstairs.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deadstairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.giantflowerplanks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.giantflowerplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.giantflowerslab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.giantflowerslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.giantflowerstairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.giantflowerstairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.japanesemapleplanks.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.japanesemapleplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.japanesemapleslab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.japanesemapleslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.japanesemaplestairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.japanesemaplestairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.mahoganyslab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mahoganyslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.mapleplanks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mapleplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.mapleslab.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mapleslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.maplestairs.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.maplestairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.paperbarkplanks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paperbarkplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.paperbarkslab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paperbarkslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.paperbarkstairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paperbarkstairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.rubberplanks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rubberplanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.rubberslab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rubberslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.rubberstairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rubberstairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stonecentered.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonecentered.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stonecobble.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonecobble.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stoneembossed.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneembossed.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stoneengraved.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneengraved.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stoneetched.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneetched.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stoneinscribed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneinscribed.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stonelargebricks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonelargebricks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stonelined.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonelined.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stoneraised.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneraised.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stoneround.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneround.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stonesmallbricks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonesmallbricks.name
fe.protection.interact.Quadrum.stonetile.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonetile.name
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Imbuing Station
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Online Detector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Block
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Drawer Controller
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Controller Slave
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Framing Table
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Trim
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Drying Rack
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Station
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slab Furnace
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glue Block
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Frying Pan
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hambone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Landmine
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT SDX
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Ender
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Alumite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Enderium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Invar
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lumium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ferrous
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Shiny
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Signalum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Tin
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glue
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Slime
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bounce Pad
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Stick
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockLumos.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lumos
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Shadow Ore
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Warped Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Gas  
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Old Urn
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bound Chest
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bound Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Everburn Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Everfull Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Brazier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Think Tank
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Glass
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Mana
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Grid
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.translocator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.interact.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone4.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone5.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone6.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone7.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone0.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone4.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone5.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone6.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone7.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick4.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick5.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick6.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick7.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone4.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone5.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone6.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone7.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone4.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone5.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone6.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone7.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick4.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick5.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick6.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick7.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone4.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone5.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone6.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone7.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneousCobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneFullSlab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneousStone.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.igneousStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickFullSlab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneFullSlab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneHalfSlab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_monsterStoneEgg.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreCoal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreEmerald.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreGold.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreIron.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreLapis.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreRedstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphicCobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphicStone.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneFullSlab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneHalfSlab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_monsterStoneEgg.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreCoal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreDiamond.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreEmerald.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreGold.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreIron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreLapis.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreRedstone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sedimentaryStone.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneFullSlab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_monsterStoneEgg.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreCoal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreDiamond.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreEmerald.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreGold.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreIron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreLapis.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreRedstone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone0.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousCobblestone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStoneBrick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicCobblestone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.sedimentaryStone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.interact.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBlue.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBrown.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampCyan.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGray.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGreen.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampPurple.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampRed.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampYellow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuraLampYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickBrown.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickGray.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickGreen.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickPurple.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.BrickYellow.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BrickYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBlue.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBrown.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetCyan.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGray.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGreen.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetPurple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetRed.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetYellow.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBlue.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBrown.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolCyan.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGray.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGreen.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolPurple.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolRed.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolYellow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CheckeredWoolYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayGray.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayPurple.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayRed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ClayYellow.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ClayYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBlue.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBrown.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickCyan.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGray.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGreen.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickPurple.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickRed.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickYellow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ColouredBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBlue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBrown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskCyan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskPurple.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskRed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DamaskYellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DamaskYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBlue.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBrown.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedCyan.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGray.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGreen.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedPurple.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedRed.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedYellow.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DiagonallyDottedYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedBlue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedBrown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedCyan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedGray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedGreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedPurple.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedRed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.DottedYellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DottedYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBlue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBrown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesCyan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGreen.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesPurple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesRed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesYellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FancyTilesYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralBlue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralBrown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralCyan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralGray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralGreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralPurple.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralRed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FloralYellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FloralYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBlue.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBrown.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassCyan.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGray.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGreen.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassPurple.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassRed.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassYellow.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBlue.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBrown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneCyan.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGreen.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPanePurple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneRed.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneYellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FrostedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.Jewel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Jewel.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledBlue.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledBrown.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledCyan.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledGray.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledGreen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledPurple.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledRed.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.RippledYellow.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RippledYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidBlueBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidBrownBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidCyanBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidGrayBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidGreenBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidPurpleBlocks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidRedBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.SolidYellowBlocks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SolidYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.Stamp.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Stamp.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBlue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBrown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickCyan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGreen.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickPurple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickRed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickYellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBlue.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBrown.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampCyan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGray.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGreen.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampPurple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampRed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampYellow.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StoneLampYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedBlue.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedBrown.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedCyan.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedGray.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedGreen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedPurple.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedRed.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.StripedYellow.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StripedYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBlue.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBrown.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassCyan.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGray.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGreen.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassPurple.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassRed.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassYellow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBlue.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBrown.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneCyan.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGray.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGreen.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPanePurple.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneRed.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneYellow.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TexturedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBlue.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBrown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassCyan.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGreen.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassPurple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassRed.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassYellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBlue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBrown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneCyan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGreen.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPanePurple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneRed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneYellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TintedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBlue.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBrown.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankCyan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGray.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGreen.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankPurple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankRed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankYellow.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodPlankYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBlue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBrown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetCyan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGreen.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetPurple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetRed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetYellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolCyan.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolGray.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolGray.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolPurple.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolPurple.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolRed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolRed.name
fe.protection.interact.WallpaperCraft.WoolYellow.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoolYellow.name
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rose Vines
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Void Walkway
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.booster.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Booster
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Clean Gardeners Dirt
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampb.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampf.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampt.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ztone Tile
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_bone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT %s Bones
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_clay.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT %s Clay
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_cobblestonemossy.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT %s Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_dustgunpowder.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT %s Gunpowder
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_endstone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT %s End Stone
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_meatrotten.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT %s Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT %s Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_pearlender.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT %s Ender Pearl
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_soulsand.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT %s Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.additionalcompression.compressed_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT %s Stone
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.Control.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Control Module
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel/Air Mixer
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Mix Compressor
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.FluidInput.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Intake Valve
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.FluidOutputSelect.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Output Valve
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.FuelTank.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Tank
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.GasInput.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Intake Valve
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.HeatExchanger.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.HeatExchangerController.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Exchanger Controller
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.HeatingChamber.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Heating Chamber
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.ItemInput.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Item Input Port
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.ItemOutput.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Item Output Port
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.MixingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mixing Chamber
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorAdvanced.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Power Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorDense.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT High Density Power Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorRedstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Power Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.RFOutput.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Generator
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.Sensor.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sensor Module
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.SteamTurbineController.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Turbine Controller
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.SyngasController.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Syngas Producer Controller
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineBronze.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Turbine
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineController.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Turbine Controller
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineEnderium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Enderium Turbine
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineGold.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Plated Turbine
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineIron.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Turbine
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineManyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Manyullyn Turbine
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineSteel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Turbine
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.TurbineVibrant.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Turbine
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.syngas.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Syngas
fe.protection.interact.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.name
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Connector
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.autooredictconv.converter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Converter
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Chest
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Chest
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Backpack
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Chest
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.interact.benway_knowledge.dummy.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.benway_knowledge_dummy.name
fe.protection.interact.benway_knowledge.dummytg.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.benway_knowledge_dummytg.name
fe.protection.interact.benway_knowledge.misc.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.benway_knowledge_misc.name
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chance Cube
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.interact.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.amber.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.arcane.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.copperblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Circuit
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold2.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.grimstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grimstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.holystone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron2.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leadblock.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nation.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.present.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.rebel.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rebellious Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.road_line.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Road Lines
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.silverblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.steelblock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone (Snakestone)
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tallow.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tallow
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.thaumium.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tinblock.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch1.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch10.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch3.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch4.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch5.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch6.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch7.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch8.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch9.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.warningSign.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Warning Sign
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Woolen Clay
fe.protection.interact.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.interact.compacter.Compacter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Compacter
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Oven
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Table
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fridge
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.sink.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sink
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Rack
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.acemus_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acemus Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.cedrum_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cedrum Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.cerasu_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cerasu Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.delnas_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Delnas Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.dslab0.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.dslab1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.ewcaly_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ewcaly Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.hekur_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hekur Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.kiparis_planks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Kiparis Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.kulist_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Kulist Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.lata_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lata Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.leaves0.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.leaves1.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.leaves3.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.logs0.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.logs1.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.logs2.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.logs3.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.nucis_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nucis Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.porffor_planks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Porffor Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.salyx_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Salyx Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.sapling0.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.sapling1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.sslab0.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.sslab1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs0.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acemus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs1.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cedrum Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs10.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Porffor Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs11.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Salyx Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs12.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tuopa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cerasu Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs3.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Delnas Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs4.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ewcaly Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs5.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hekur Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs6.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Kiparis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs7.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Kulist Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs8.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lata Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.stairs9.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nucis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.tuopa_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tuopa Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.dendrology.wood0.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dendrology:wood.name
fe.protection.interact.ds.acacia_wood_parquet.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Parquet
fe.protection.interact.ds.birch_wood_parquet.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Parquet
fe.protection.interact.ds.carved_stone_1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Stone Block #1
fe.protection.interact.ds.carved_stone_2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Stone Block #2
fe.protection.interact.ds.carved_stone_3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Stone Block #3
fe.protection.interact.ds.cement.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cement
fe.protection.interact.ds.checked_glass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Checked Glass Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.clear_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Clear Glass Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.concrete.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.ds.concrete_masonry_unit.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Masonry Unit (CMU)
fe.protection.interact.ds.concrete_tiles.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Tiles
fe.protection.interact.ds.dark_metal.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Metal Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.darkoak_wood_parquet.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.interact.ds.glass_101.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Block 101
fe.protection.interact.ds.jail_glass.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jail Glass Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Small Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_mossy_stonebrick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_polished_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Polished Jungle Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_purpur_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_stone.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_stonebrick_carved.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_stonebrick_cracked.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.jungle_wood_parquet.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Parquet
fe.protection.interact.ds.oak_wood_parquet.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.interact.ds.polished_pumice.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Polished Pumice Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pumice Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pumice Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumice Glass Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_masonry_unit.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pumice Masonry Unit
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_mossy_stonebrick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pumice Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_purpur_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pumice Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_stonebrick_carved.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.pumice_stonebrick_cracked.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.quartz_glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.rusty_block.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_brick_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_polished_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Polished Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_purpur_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_stone.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_stonebrick.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_stonebrick_carved.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.snow_stonebrick_cracked.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.spruce_wood_parquet.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Parquet
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT White Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT White Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT White Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_polished_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Polished Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_purpur_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_stone.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Stone
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_stonebrick_carved.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ds.white_stonebrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Rock
fe.protection.interact.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blade Trap
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Brine
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Drain
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Niard
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Loot Recycler
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Tank
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.interact.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                     # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.extracells.certustank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.interact.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.interact.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.extracells.walrus.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walrus
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Node in a Jar
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Claw
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Jar
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.gearswap.gearSwapperGlass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gear Swapper
fe.protection.interact.gearswap.gearSwapperIron.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gear Swapper
fe.protection.interact.gearswap.gearSwapperLapis.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gear Swapper
fe.protection.interact.gearswap.gearSwapperStone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gear Swapper
fe.protection.interact.gearswap.gearSwapperWood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gear Swapper
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockAgate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Agate Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockChrysocolla.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chrysocolla Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockCitrine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Citrine Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockGarnet.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Garnet Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockJade.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jade Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockJasper.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jasper Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockMalachite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Malachite Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockOnyx.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Onyx Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockPhoenixite.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Phoenixite Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockRuby.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockSapphire.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockSpinel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spinel Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockSugilite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sugilite Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockTopaz.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Topaz Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.blockTourmaline.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tourmaline Block
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassAgate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Agate Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassChrysocolla.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chrysocolla Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassCitrine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Citrine Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassGarnet.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Garnet Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassJade.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jade Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassJasper.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jasper Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassMalachite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Malachite Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassOnyx.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Onyx Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassPhoenixite.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Phoenixite Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassRuby.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassSapphire.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassSpinel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spinel Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassSugilite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sugilite Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassTopaz.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Topaz Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.glassTourmaline.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tourmaline Glass
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreAgate.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Agate Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreChrysocolla.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chrysocolla Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreCitrine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Citrine Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreGarnet.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Garnet Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreJade.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jade Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreJasper.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jasper Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreMalachite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Malachite Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreOnyx.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Onyx Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.orePhoenixite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Phoenixite Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreRuby.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreSapphire.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreSpinel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spinel Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreSugilite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sugilite Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreTopaz.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Topaz Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.oreTourmaline.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tourmaline Ore
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandAgate.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Agate Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandChrysocolla.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chrysocolla Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandCitrine.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Citrine Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandGarnet.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Garnet Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandJade.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jade Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandJasper.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jasper Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandMalachite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Malachite Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandOnyx.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Onyx Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandPhoenixite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Phoenixite Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandRuby.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandSapphire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandSpinel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spinel Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandSugilite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sugilite Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandTopaz.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Topaz Sand
fe.protection.interact.gemsplus.tile.sandTourmaline.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tourmaline Sand
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Berry Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Churn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cutting Board
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Desert Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gourd Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Herb Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leafy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Goosberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Barley Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Beet Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Celery Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Corn Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cotton Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ginger Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leek Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oats Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Okra Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Onion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peanut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peas Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Radish Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Scallion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Soybean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spinach Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Quern
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sink.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stalk Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Textile Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water Garden
fe.protection.interact.headcrumbs.betterSkull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.headcrumbs.betterSkull.name
fe.protection.interact.headcrumbs.empty.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.headcrumbs.empty.name
fe.protection.interact.headcrumbs.player.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.headcrumbs.player.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_adamantium_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Adamantium Block
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_adamantium_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Adamantium Ore
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_colored_flower_pot.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_colored_flower_pot.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_0.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_10.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_11.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_12.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_13.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_14.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_15.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_16.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_3.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_4.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_5.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_6.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_7.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_8.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_9.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_hay_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_microsoft_carpet.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Microsoft Carpet
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_mining_tnt.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mining TNT
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_present.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_red_sandstone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.block_smooth_stone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_hay_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_hay_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_red_sandstone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.hay_slab.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Slab
fe.protection.interact.imc.mobSpawner.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Spawner
fe.protection.interact.imc.red_sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.imc.red_sandstone_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Item Robin
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT ME Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.infinitic.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.littletiles.BlockLittleTiles.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.littletiles.LTColoredBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LTBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.lootbags.loot_recycler.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Loot Recycler
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Accio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Air Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Alumite Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ardite Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blizz Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chicken Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cow Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Growth Pulser
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.DraconiumCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dye Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Earth Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Electrum Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enderium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ghast Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Invar Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lumium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Minicio Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Minicio Ore
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nature Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ferrous Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peridot Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pig Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sheep Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Signalum Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soularium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spider Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Essence Stone
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.magmaox.MagmaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Block
fe.protection.interact.magmaox.NetherWartBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.interact.magmaox.RedNetherBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nether Bricks
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carriage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Green Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT White Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Door Factory
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jail Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Medieval Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.null.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Player Sensor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Saloon Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Shoji Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_bar_storage.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_blank_plate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_circle_plate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_frame.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_frame_crossed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_grate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.grate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_large_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_mesh.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.mesh.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_ornate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.ornate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_plate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_quarter_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_rune.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.rune.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_small_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_spiral.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.spiral.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_pipes.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_plate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_warning.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.warning.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.base_window.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.base.window.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_bar_storage.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_blank_plate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_circle_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_frame.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_frame_crossed.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_grate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.grate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_large_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_mesh.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.mesh.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_ornate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.ornate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_plate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_quarter_plate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_rune.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.rune.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_small_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_spiral.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.spiral.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_warning.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.warning.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.ender_window.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.ender.window.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_bar_storage.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_blank_plate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_circle_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame_crossed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_grate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.grate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_pipes.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_plate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_large_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_mesh.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.mesh.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_ornate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.ornate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_plate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_quarter_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_rune.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.rune.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_small_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_spiral.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.spiral.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_warning.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.warning.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.fantasy_window.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.fantasy.window.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_bar_storage.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_blank_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_circle_plate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_frame.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_frame_crossed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_grate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.grate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_pipes.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_large_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_mesh.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.mesh.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_ornate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.ornate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_plate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_quarter_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_rune.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.rune.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_small_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_spiral.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.spiral.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_warning.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.warning.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.nether_window.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.nether.window.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_bar_storage.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_blank_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_circle_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_frame.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_frame_crossed.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_grate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.grate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_pipes.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_plate.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_large_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_mesh.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.mesh.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_ornate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.ornate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_quarter_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_rune.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.rune.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_small_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_spiral.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.spiral.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_pipes.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_warning.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.warning.name
fe.protection.interact.metallurgychisel.precious_window.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unknown.precious.window.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tilled Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Coral
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.name
fe.protection.interact.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.name
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.interact.props.blockFake.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.props.blockProps.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.qblock.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Computer
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Automatic Observer
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Ore
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Ore
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Portal
fe.protection.interact.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Activity Probe
fe.protection.interact.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Protector
fe.protection.interact.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Builder Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Counter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.interact.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.interact.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dialing Device
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Builder
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Editor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.interact.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.interact.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Extractor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Environmental Controller
fe.protection.interact.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Item Filter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineBase.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Base
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Frame
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Infuser
fe.protection.interact.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Material Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Beamer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Booster
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Modular Storage
fe.protection.interact.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pearl Injector
fe.protection.interact.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Proxy Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Power Relay
fe.protection.interact.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Remote Storage
fe.protection.interact.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT RF Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Screen
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Screen Controller
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Screen
fe.protection.interact.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Security Manager
fe.protection.interact.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sequencer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Template
fe.protection.interact.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Dialer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spawner
fe.protection.interact.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Storage Scanner
fe.protection.interact.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Support Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Time Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Timer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Eruption Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Core
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.3.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.4.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.5.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.6.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.7.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.igneous_salt.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.5.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.6.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.7.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.metamorphic_salt.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.5.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.6.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.7.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ubcores.sedimentary_salt.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vending Block
fe.protection.interact.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.interact.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.place.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockAtomicReconstructor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockBlackLotus.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Lotus
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockBookStand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Manual Stand
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockBreaker.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanola.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Canola Plant
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaOil.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Canola Oil
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaPress.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Canola Press
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzSlab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzStair.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzWall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoalGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coal Generator
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffee.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Plant
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffeeMachine.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Machine
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLamp.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLamp.name
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLampOn.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLampOn.name
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCompost.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Compost
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockDirectionalBreaker.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockDropper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnergizer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Energizer
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnervator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Enervator
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFeeder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFermentingBarrel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFireworkBox.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Firework Box
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFishingNet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fishing Net
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFlax.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flax Plant
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidCollector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Collector
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidPlacer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Placer
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceDouble.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Double Furnace
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceSolar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockGiantChest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Storage Crate
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockGreenhouseGlass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinderDouble.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Double Crusher
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockHeatCollector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Heat Collector
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE ESD
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputterAdvanced.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced ESD
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockItemRepairer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Item Repairer
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockLampPowerer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lamp Controller
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockLaserRelay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Laser Relay
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockLavaFactoryController.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockLeafGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockMiner.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Digger
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockMisc.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockMisc.name
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockOilGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oil Generator
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBooster.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Booster
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBreaker.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomEnergyface.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomLiquiface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomPlacer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Placer
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomface.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Phantomface
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzSlab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzStair.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzWall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockPlacer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Placer
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzSlab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzStair.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzWall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockRangedCollector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ranged Collector
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockRice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rice Plant
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockSmileyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenFence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenStairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenWall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteFence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteStairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteWall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockTreasureChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockWild.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockWild.name
fe.protection.place.ActuallyAdditions.blockXPSolidifier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAgate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropAgate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Allium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carrot
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropChrysocolla.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropChrysocolla.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCitrine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropCitrine.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Daisy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dandelion
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropElementium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropElementium.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropGaia.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropGaia.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropJade.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropJade.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropJasper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropJasper.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropMalachite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropMalachite.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropNeutronium.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropOnyx.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropOnyx.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Orchid
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Poppy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Potato
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSalt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSalt.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSesame.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSesame.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSpinel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSpinel.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sugarcane
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSugilite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSugilite.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSunflower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSunflower.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Taint Root
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTanzanite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTanzanite.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTopaz.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTopaz.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTourmaline.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTourmaline.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.place.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.place.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Architectural Block
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.infinitato.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Infinitato
fe.protection.place.BigDoors.door3x3.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.door3x3.name
fe.protection.place.BigDoors.metalDoors3x3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metalDoor3x3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blossom Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Moss Clump
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vines
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altGrass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altar.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.avatar.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bellows.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrost.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.brewery.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.place.Botania.cocoon.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.distributor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchanter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.flower.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestEye.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.hourglass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.mushroom.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.Botania.openCrate.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.platform.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pool.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prism.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pump.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pylon.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.root.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.solidVine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spreader.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.starfield.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.storage.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.turntable.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenters Fence
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenters Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.CinderShroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE CinderShroom
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.DerangedGolem_spawner.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.DerangedGolem_spawner.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.Mummy_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Mummy_spawner.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.Pharoh_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Pharoh_spawner.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.SkeletonKnight_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.SkeletonKnight_spawner.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.SkeletonMage_spawner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.SkeletonMage_spawner.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.Witch_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Witch_spawner.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.cave_orchid.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cave Orchid
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_dirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_igneous_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.foxfire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Foxfire
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_fence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Icy Fence
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_column.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_column.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_column.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Icy Rail
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_column.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_roots.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Roots
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_column.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_column.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_column.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.glowstone_stalactite_small.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Stalactite
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.hanging_foxfire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hanging Foxfire
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.ice_patch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.icicle_base.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Icicle
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.icicle_small.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Icicle
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.icicle_tip.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Icicle
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_column.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_lavacrust.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_base.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_small.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lava_vine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cave Vines
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_column.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_column.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_lavacrust.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.mossy_dirt.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.mossy_sedimentary_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.mossy_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_igneous_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.raining_water_igneous_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.raining_water_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_stone.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.redstone_column.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_base.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_small.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.roots.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sandstone_column.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_base.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_small.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentarySand.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentarySand.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_column.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_column.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_column.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_lavacrust.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_base.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_small.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_tip.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_base.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_small.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.place.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.innerwall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.innerwallcreative.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.innerwalldecor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Wall (Decorative)
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.interfacecreative.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.interfacedecor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Interface (Decorative)
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.machine.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine
fe.protection.place.CompactMachines.resizingcube.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE World Resizing Cube
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Disenchanter
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Particle Generator
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Potentiometer
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sun Dial
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Bars
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tesseract (Complete)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.liquidSilicon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Silicon
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenConductiveIron.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Constantan
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenElectricalSteel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenEnergeticAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Fairy
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Phased Gold
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedIron.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Phased Iron
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenRedstoneAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenSoularium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Soularium
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pottery Table
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Compost Bin
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Garden Proxy
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Small Fire
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Chain
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Garden Lantern
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Chain
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Candelilla
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Strange Plant
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Post
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Post Fence
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.place.Highlands.Fir_Sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fir Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.hl_cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_cocoa.name
fe.protection.place.Highlands.hl_woodDoubleSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_woodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.Highlands.hl_woodPlanks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_woodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.Highlands.hl_woodSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaWood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Log
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_ashLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ash Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_ashSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ash Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_ashWood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ash Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Orange Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_beechSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Beech Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_blueFlower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Flower
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_blueberryBush.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Tree Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_canopySapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Tree Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyWood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_cattail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cattail
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_cotton.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Plant
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_deadSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dead Tree Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_decBushSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Deciduous Bush Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_evgBushSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Evergreen Bush Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_firLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fir Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_firWood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_greatOakSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Great Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodWood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleWood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_lavender.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lavender
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_leafyFern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Fern
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveWood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Log
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_palmLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Palm Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_palmSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Palm Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_palmWood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarWood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_raspberryBush.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodWood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_thornbush.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thornbush
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_whiteFlower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Flower
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.bonemealApplicator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bonemeal Applicator
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.cakeConverter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cake Converter
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.chargingPlate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Charging Plate
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.chargingPlateWooden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Charging Plate
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.chestCharger.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chest Charger
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.elevatorShaft.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Shaft
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.elevatorTop.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Top
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.energyTeleporter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Endergy Cell
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.fluxBlaster.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flux Blaster
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.lifeConverter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Life Converter
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.mechanicalGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Generator
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mover
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.rngQuarry.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE RNG Quarry
fe.protection.place.JAPTA.timeMachine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Time Machine
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.compressedChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.diamondObsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.digitalLocker.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Partitioned Crate
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.gravitatem.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Mob Manipulator
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.invisibleTorch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shimmering Spot
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.polarityNegator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Polarity Negator
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.precisionTNT.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Precision TNT
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.refinery.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.refinery_active.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.refinery_active.name
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.smoothGlowstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Glowstone
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.vaultPart.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaultPart.name
fe.protection.place.JotatosPracticalities.witherFarmPart.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witherFarmPart.name
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.DimLamp.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dungeon Lantern
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.DimStone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.glowingstonebrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.glowingstoneglass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Stone Glass
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.metablock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Dni1.name
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.metablock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Dni2.name
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.obsidianglowingstoneglass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.obsidianstoneglass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.place.LightTweaks.stoneglass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Glass
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.abstractor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Abstractor
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.adamantine.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.alduorite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alduorite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.alloyer.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Alloyer
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.amordrine.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Amordrine
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.angmallen.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Angmallen
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.astral.silver.molten.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Astral Silver
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.atlarus.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Atlarus
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.base.block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.base.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.base.brick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.base.brick.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.base.ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.base.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.black.steel.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Black Steel
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.brass.molten.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.bronze.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.carmot.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Carmot
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.celenegil.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Celenegil
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.ceruclase.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ceruclase
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.copper.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.crusher.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.damascus.steel.molten.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Damascus Steel
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.deep.iron.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Deep Iron
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.desichalkos.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Desichalkos
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.electrum.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.ender.block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.ender.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.ender.brick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.ender.brick.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.ender.ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.ender.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.eximite.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Eximite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.explosive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.metallurgy.explosive.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.extra.storage.block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.extra.storage.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.fantasy.block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.fantasy.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.fantasy.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.fantasy.brick.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.fantasy.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.fantasy.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.forge.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Forge
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.haderoth.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Haderoth
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.hepatizon.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Hepatizon
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.ignatius.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ignatius
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.infuscolium.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Infuscolium
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.inolashite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Inolashite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.kalendrite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Kalendrite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.lemurite.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lemurite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.machine.frame.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.manganese.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manganese
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.meutoite.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Meutoite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.midasium.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Midasium
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.mithril.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mithril
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.nether.block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.nether.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.nether.brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.nether.brick.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.nether.ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.nether.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.orichalcum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Orichalcum
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.oureclase.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Oureclase
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.platinum.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Platinum
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.precious.block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.precious.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.precious.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.precious.brick.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.precious.ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.precious.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.prometheum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Prometheum
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.quicksilver.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mystic Silver
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.rubracium.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Rubracium
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.sanguinite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Sanguinite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.shadow.iron.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shadow Iron
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.shadow.steel.molten.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shadow Steel
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.silver.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.steel.molten.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.tab.block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.tab.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.tartarite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tartarite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.tin.molten.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.utility.block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.utility.block.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.utility.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.utility.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.vanilla.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.vanilla.brick.name
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.vulcanite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Vulcanite
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.vyroxeres.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Vyroxeres
fe.protection.place.Metallurgy.zinc.molten.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE BioFuel
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE DetCord
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fertile Dirt
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Meat
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.MyWorldGen.anchor.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.anchor.name
fe.protection.place.MyWorldGen.anchorInventory.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Anchor
fe.protection.place.MyWorldGen.ignore.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ignore Block
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.AmRTG.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Americium RTG
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.CfRTG.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Californium RTG
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.EMP.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE EMP Bomb
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.EMPE.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE EMP Bomb
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.RTG.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Plutonium RTG
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.WRTG.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Weak RTG
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.antimatterBomb.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.antimatterBombE.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.assemblerActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Assembler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.assemblerIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Assembler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.blastBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blast Resistant Block
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.blockBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBlock.name
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.blockOre.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockOre.name
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.cellBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.collectorActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Helium Collector
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.collectorIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Helium Collector
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.coolantCoolerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Coolant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.coolerActive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.coolerBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Standard Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.coolerIdle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.crusherActive.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.crusherIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.cryotheumCoolerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cryotheum Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.denseSteamBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dense Steam
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.denseSteamDecompressor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dense Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electric Crusher
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherIdle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electric Crusher
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electric Furnace
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceIdle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electric Furnace
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electrolyserActive.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Electrolyser
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electrolyserIdle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Electrolyser
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electromagnetActive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.electromagnetIdle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.emptyCoolerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Empty Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.enderiumCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.factoryActive.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manufactory
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.factoryIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Manufactory
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteActive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fission Controller
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteIdle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fission Controller
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamActive.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamIdle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.furnaceActive.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Metal Furnace
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.furnaceIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Metal Furnace
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionConnector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Connector
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionPlasmaBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Plasma
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionReactor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlockTop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteam.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlockTop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.glowstoneCoolerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.graphiteBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Graphite Block
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.hastenerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Decay Hastener
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.hastenerIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Decay Hastener
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.heliumCoolerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorIdle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.ioniserActive.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ioniser
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.ioniserIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ioniser
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.irradiatorActive.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.irradiatorIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.liquidHeliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.lithiumIonBatteryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lithium Ion Battery
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.machineBlockNC.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Machine Base
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceIdle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.nuclearWorkspace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Duty Workspace
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.nuke.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.nukeE.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.oxidiserActive.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oxidiser
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.oxidiserIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oxidiser
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorActive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reaction Generator
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorIdle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reaction Generator
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.reactorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Casing
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.recyclerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.recyclerIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.redstoneCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.separatorActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Isotope Separator
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.separatorIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Isotope Separator
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumDown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumUp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.solarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.speedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Speed Block
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.steamBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.steamDecompressor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.steamGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Steam Generator
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetActive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetIdle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.supercoolerActive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.supercoolerIdle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.superdenseSteamBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Superdense Steam
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.synchrotronActive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.synchrotronIdle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.tubing1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Horizontal Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.tubing2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.voltaicPile.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Voltaic Pile
fe.protection.place.NuclearCraft.waterCoolerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grave (Break to recover your inventory).
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.ChannelSelector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Channel Selector
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.Clock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Clock
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.DataCable.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Data Cable
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.DataEmitter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Data Emitter
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.DataModifier.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Data Modifier
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.DataReceiver.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Data Receiver
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.DisplayScreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.DisplayScreen.name
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.EnergyReader.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Reader
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.EntityNode.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Entity Node
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.FluidReader.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Reader
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.Hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Forging Hammer
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.Hammer_Air.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Forging Hammer
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.HolographicDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Display
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.InfoCreator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Info Creator
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.InfoReader.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Info Reader
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.InventoryReader.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Reader
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.ItemRouter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.LargeDisplayScreen.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Large Display Screen
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.MultiCable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Channelled Cable
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.Node.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Node
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_OFF.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_ON.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.SapphireOre.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.place.PracticalLogistics.TransceiverArray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transceiver Array
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.ashplanks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ashplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.ashslab.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ashslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.ashstairs.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ashstairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.cinnamonplanks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cinnamonplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.cinnamonslab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.cinnamonslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.cinnamonstairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cinnamonstairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.deadplanks.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.deadplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.deadslab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.deadslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.deadstairs.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.deadstairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.giantflowerplanks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.giantflowerplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.giantflowerslab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.giantflowerslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.giantflowerstairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.giantflowerstairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.japanesemapleplanks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanesemapleplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.japanesemapleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanesemapleslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.japanesemaplestairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanesemaplestairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.mahoganyslab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mahoganyslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.mapleplanks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mapleplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.mapleslab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mapleslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.maplestairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.maplestairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.paperbarkplanks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.paperbarkplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.paperbarkslab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.paperbarkslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.paperbarkstairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.paperbarkstairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.rubberplanks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.rubberplanks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.rubberslab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.rubberslab.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.rubberstairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.rubberstairs.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stonecentered.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonecentered.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stonecobble.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonecobble.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stoneembossed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneembossed.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stoneengraved.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneengraved.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stoneetched.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneetched.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stoneinscribed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneinscribed.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stonelargebricks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonelargebricks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stonelined.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonelined.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stoneraised.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneraised.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stoneround.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneround.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stonesmallbricks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonesmallbricks.name
fe.protection.place.Quadrum.stonetile.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonetile.name
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ferrous
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockLumos.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lumos
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bound Chest
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.place.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.place.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.place.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone4.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone5.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone6.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone7.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone6.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone7.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick4.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick5.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick6.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick7.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone6.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone7.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone4.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone5.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone6.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone7.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick4.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick5.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick6.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick7.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone4.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone5.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone6.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone7.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneousCobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneFullSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneousStone.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneousStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickFullSlab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneFullSlab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneHalfSlab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_monsterStoneEgg.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreCoal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreEmerald.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreGold.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreIron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreLapis.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphicCobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphicStone.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneFullSlab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneHalfSlab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_monsterStoneEgg.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreCoal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreEmerald.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreGold.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreIron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreLapis.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreRedstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentaryStone.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneFullSlab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_monsterStoneEgg.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreCoal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreEmerald.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreGold.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreIron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreLapis.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreRedstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousCobblestone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStoneBrick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicCobblestone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.sedimentaryStone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.place.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBrown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampPurple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampRed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampYellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickBlue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickBrown.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickCyan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickGray.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickGreen.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickPurple.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickRed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.BrickYellow.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBlue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBrown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetCyan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGreen.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetPurple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetRed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetYellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBlue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBrown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolCyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGreen.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolPurple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolRed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolYellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayGray.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayRed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ClayYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBlue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBrown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickCyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGreen.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickPurple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickRed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickYellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DamaskYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBlue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBrown.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedCyan.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGreen.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedPurple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedRed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedYellow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedGray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.DottedYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBlue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBrown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesCyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesPurple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesRed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesYellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralGray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FloralYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBlue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBrown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassCyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassPurple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassRed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassYellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBlue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBrown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneCyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGreen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPanePurple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneRed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneYellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.Jewel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Jewel.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledGray.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledPurple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledRed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.RippledYellow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidBlueBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidBrownBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidCyanBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidGrayBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidGreenBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidPurpleBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidRedBlocks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.SolidYellowBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.Stamp.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Stamp.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBlue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBrown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickCyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickPurple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickRed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickYellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBlue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBrown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampCyan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGreen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampPurple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampYellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedGray.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedPurple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedRed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.StripedYellow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBlue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBrown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassCyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGreen.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassPurple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassRed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassYellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBlue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBrown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneCyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPanePurple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneRed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneYellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBlue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBrown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassCyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGreen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassPurple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassRed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassYellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBlue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBrown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneCyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPanePurple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneRed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneYellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBlue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBrown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankCyan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGreen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankPurple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankYellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBlue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBrown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetCyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetPurple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetRed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetYellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCyan.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolGray.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolGray.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolGreen.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolPurple.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolRed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolRed.name
fe.protection.place.WallpaperCraft.WoolYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolYellow.name
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rose Vines
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Void Walkway
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aurora
fe.protection.place.Ztones.booster.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Booster
fe.protection.place.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clean Gardeners Dirt
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampb.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampf.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampt.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_bone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE %s Bones
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_clay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE %s Clay
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_cobblestonemossy.*                           # (default: true) PLACE %s Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_dustgunpowder.*                              # (default: true) PLACE %s Gunpowder
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_endstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE %s End Stone
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_meatrotten.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE %s Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE %s Netherrack
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_pearlender.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE %s Ender Pearl
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_soulsand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE %s Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.additionalcompression.compressed_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE %s Stone
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.Control.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Control Module
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fuel/Air Mixer
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gas Mix Compressor
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.FluidInput.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Intake Valve
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.FluidOutputSelect.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Output Valve
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.FuelTank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Tank
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.GasInput.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gas Intake Valve
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.HeatExchanger.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.HeatExchangerController.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Heat Exchanger Controller
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.HeatingChamber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Heating Chamber
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.ItemInput.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Item Input Port
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.ItemOutput.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Output Port
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.MixingChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mixing Chamber
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorAdvanced.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Power Capacitor
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorDense.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE High Density Power Capacitor
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Basic Power Capacitor
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.RFOutput.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flux Generator
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.Sensor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sensor Module
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.SteamTurbineController.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steam Turbine Controller
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.SyngasController.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Syngas Producer Controller
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineBronze.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Turbine
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineController.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gas Turbine Controller
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineEnderium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Turbine
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineGold.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gold Plated Turbine
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineIron.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Turbine
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineManyullyn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Turbine
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Steel Turbine
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.TurbineVibrant.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Turbine
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.syngas.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Syngas
fe.protection.place.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.name
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.autooredictconv.converter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Auto Converter
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.place.benway_knowledge.dummy.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.benway_knowledge_dummy.name
fe.protection.place.benway_knowledge.dummytg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.benway_knowledge_dummytg.name
fe.protection.place.benway_knowledge.misc.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.benway_knowledge_misc.name
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.place.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.amber.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.arcane.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.beacon.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.copperblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold2.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold_block.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.grimstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.holystone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron2.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_block.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.leadblock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.leaves.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nation.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.present.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.rebel.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.road_line.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.place.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.silverblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.steelblock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone (Snakestone)
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.tallow.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.thaumium.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tinblock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch1.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch10.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch3.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch4.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch5.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch6.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch7.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch8.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch9.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.warningSign.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.place.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.place.compacter.Compacter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Compacter
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.sink.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.place.dendrology.acemus_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acemus Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.cedrum_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cedrum Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.cerasu_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cerasu Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.delnas_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Delnas Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.dslab0.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.dslab1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.ewcaly_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ewcaly Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.hekur_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hekur Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.kiparis_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kiparis Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.kulist_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kulist Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.lata_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lata Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.leaves0.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.leaves1.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.leaves2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.leaves3.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.logs0.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.logs1.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.logs2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.logs3.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.nucis_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nucis Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.porffor_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Porffor Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.salyx_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Salyx Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.sapling0.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.sapling1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.sslab0.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.sslab1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs0.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Acemus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs1.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cedrum Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs10.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Porffor Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs11.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salyx Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs12.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tuopa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cerasu Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs3.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Delnas Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs4.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ewcaly Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs5.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hekur Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs6.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Kiparis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs7.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Kulist Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs8.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lata Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.stairs9.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nucis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.dendrology.tuopa_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tuopa Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.dendrology.wood0.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:wood.name
fe.protection.place.ds.acacia_wood_parquet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Parquet
fe.protection.place.ds.birch_wood_parquet.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Parquet
fe.protection.place.ds.carved_stone_1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone Block #1
fe.protection.place.ds.carved_stone_2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone Block #2
fe.protection.place.ds.carved_stone_3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone Block #3
fe.protection.place.ds.cement.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cement
fe.protection.place.ds.checked_glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Checked Glass Block
fe.protection.place.ds.clear_glass.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass Block
fe.protection.place.ds.concrete.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.ds.concrete_masonry_unit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Masonry Unit (CMU)
fe.protection.place.ds.concrete_tiles.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tiles
fe.protection.place.ds.dark_metal.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Metal Block
fe.protection.place.ds.darkoak_wood_parquet.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.place.ds.glass_101.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass Block 101
fe.protection.place.ds.jail_glass.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jail Glass Block
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Small Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_polished_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Polished Jungle Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_purpur_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_stonebrick_carved.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.jungle_wood_parquet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Parquet
fe.protection.place.ds.oak_wood_parquet.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.place.ds.polished_pumice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Polished Pumice Block
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Block
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Glass Block
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_masonry_unit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Masonry Unit
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_purpur_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_stonebrick_carved.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.pumice_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.quartz_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass Block
fe.protection.place.ds.rusty_block.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Block
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_brick_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_cobblestone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_polished_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Polished Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_purpur_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_stone.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_stonebrick.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_stonebrick_carved.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.snow_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.spruce_wood_parquet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Parquet
fe.protection.place.ds.white_brick_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE White Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.white_cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE White Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.ds.white_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.place.ds.white_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.white_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.white_polished_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Polished Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.white_purpur_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.ds.white_stone.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Stone
fe.protection.place.ds.white_stonebrick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.white_stonebrick_carved.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.ds.white_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cracked White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magma Rock
fe.protection.place.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blade Trap
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Medium Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Solid Brine
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Powered Drain
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Niard
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Portal Tank
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.place.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.place.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.place.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.place.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Claw
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Jar
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.place.gearswap.gearSwapperGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.place.gearswap.gearSwapperIron.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.place.gearswap.gearSwapperLapis.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.place.gearswap.gearSwapperStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.place.gearswap.gearSwapperWood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockAgate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Agate Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockChrysocolla.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockCitrine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockGarnet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockJade.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jade Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockJasper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockMalachite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockOnyx.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockPhoenixite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockRuby.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockSapphire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockSpinel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockSugilite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockTopaz.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.blockTourmaline.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Block
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassAgate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Agate Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassChrysocolla.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassCitrine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassGarnet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassJade.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jade Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassJasper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassMalachite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassOnyx.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassPhoenixite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassRuby.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassSapphire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassSpinel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassSugilite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassTopaz.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.glassTourmaline.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Glass
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreAgate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Agate Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreChrysocolla.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreCitrine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreGarnet.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreJade.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jade Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreJasper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreMalachite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreOnyx.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.orePhoenixite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreRuby.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreSapphire.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreSpinel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreSugilite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreTopaz.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.oreTourmaline.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Ore
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandAgate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Agate Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandChrysocolla.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandCitrine.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandGarnet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandJade.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jade Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandJasper.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandMalachite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandOnyx.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandPhoenixite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandRuby.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandSapphire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandSpinel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandSugilite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandTopaz.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Sand
fe.protection.place.gemsplus.tile.sandTourmaline.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Sand
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.place.headcrumbs.betterSkull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.headcrumbs.betterSkull.name
fe.protection.place.headcrumbs.empty.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.headcrumbs.empty.name
fe.protection.place.headcrumbs.player.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.headcrumbs.player.name
fe.protection.place.imc.block_adamantium_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Adamantium Block
fe.protection.place.imc.block_adamantium_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Adamantium Ore
fe.protection.place.imc.block_colored_flower_pot.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_colored_flower_pot.name
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_10.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_11.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_12.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_13.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_14.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_15.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_16.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_5.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_6.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_7.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_8.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_9.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_hay_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hay Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_microsoft_carpet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Microsoft Carpet
fe.protection.place.imc.block_mining_tnt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mining TNT
fe.protection.place.imc.block_present.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.imc.block_red_sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.block_smooth_stone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_hay_slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hay_slab.name
fe.protection.place.imc.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_red_sandstone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.imc.hay_slab.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hay Slab
fe.protection.place.imc.mobSpawner.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mob Spawner
fe.protection.place.imc.red_sandstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.imc.red_sandstone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE ME Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.infinitic.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.littletiles.BlockLittleTiles.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.littletiles.LTColoredBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.LTBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.lootbags.loot_recycler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Accio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Air Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alumite Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amber Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coal Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Copper Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cow Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Growth Pulser
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.DraconiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dye Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Experience Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Invar Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lead Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Ore
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nature Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ferrous Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pig Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silver Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slime Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spider Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tin Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Essence Stone
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.place.magmaox.MagmaBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.place.magmaox.NetherWartBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.place.magmaox.RedNetherBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Bricks
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Medieval Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.null.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_bar_storage.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_blank_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_circle_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.frame.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_frame_crossed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_grate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.grate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_pipes.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_large_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_mesh.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.mesh.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_ornate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.ornate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_plate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_quarter_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_rune.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.rune.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_small_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_spiral.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.spiral.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_pipes.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_warning.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.warning.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.base_window.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.window.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_bar_storage.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_blank_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_circle_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.frame.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_frame_crossed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_grate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.grate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_pipes.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_large_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_mesh.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.mesh.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_ornate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.ornate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_plate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_quarter_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_rune.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.rune.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_small_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_spiral.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.spiral.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_pipes.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_warning.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.warning.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.ender_window.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.window.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_bar_storage.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_blank_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_circle_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame_crossed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_grate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.grate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_large_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_mesh.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.mesh.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_ornate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.ornate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_plate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_quarter_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_rune.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.rune.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_small_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_spiral.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.spiral.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_pipes.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_warning.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.warning.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.fantasy_window.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.window.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_bar_storage.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_blank_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_circle_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_frame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.frame.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_frame_crossed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_grate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.grate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_large_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_mesh.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.mesh.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_ornate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.ornate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_plate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_quarter_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_rune.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.rune.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_small_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_spiral.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.spiral.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_pipes.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_warning.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.warning.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.nether_window.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.window.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_bar_storage.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_blank_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_circle_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_frame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.frame.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_frame_crossed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_grate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.grate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_large_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_mesh.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.mesh.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_ornate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.ornate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_quarter_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_rune.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.rune.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_small_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_spiral.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.spiral.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_warning.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.warning.name
fe.protection.place.metallurgychisel.precious_window.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.window.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tilled Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Coral
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.name
fe.protection.place.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.name
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.place.props.blockFake.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.props.blockProps.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.qCraft.qblock.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.place.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Activity Probe
fe.protection.place.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Protector
fe.protection.place.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Counter
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.place.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.place.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.place.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dialing Device
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.place.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.place.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.place.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.place.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Item Filter
fe.protection.place.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineBase.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Machine Base
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.place.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Material Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Matter Booster
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.place.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modular Storage
fe.protection.place.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.place.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Proxy Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.place.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Power Relay
fe.protection.place.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Remote Storage
fe.protection.place.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE RF Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Screen Controller
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.place.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Security Manager
fe.protection.place.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sequencer
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shield Template
fe.protection.place.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.place.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.place.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spawner
fe.protection.place.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.place.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Support Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Time Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Timer
fe.protection.place.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Eruption Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.5.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.6.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.7.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.igneous_salt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.5.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.6.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.7.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.metamorphic_salt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.5.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.6.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.7.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ubcores.sedimentary_salt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vending Block
fe.protection.place.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.place.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.trample.*                                                                           # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockAtomicReconstructor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockBlackLotus.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Lotus
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockBookStand.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Manual Stand
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockBreaker.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanola.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Canola Plant
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaOil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Canola Oil
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCanolaPress.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Canola Press
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzSlab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzStair.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockChiseledQuartzWall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoalGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coal Generator
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffee.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Plant
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCoffeeMachine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Machine
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLamp.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockColoredLampOn.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockColoredLampOn.name
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCompost.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Compost
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockDirectionalBreaker.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockDropper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnergizer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energizer
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockEnervator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Enervator
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFeeder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFermentingBarrel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFireworkBox.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Firework Box
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFishingNet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fishing Net
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFlax.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flax Plant
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidCollector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Collector
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFluidPlacer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Placer
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceDouble.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Double Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockFurnaceSolar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockGiantChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Storage Crate
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockGreenhouseGlass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockGrinderDouble.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Double Crusher
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockHeatCollector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Heat Collector
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE ESD
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockInputterAdvanced.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced ESD
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockItemRepairer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Item Repairer
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockLampPowerer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lamp Controller
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockLaserRelay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Laser Relay
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockLavaFactoryController.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockLeafGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockMiner.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Digger
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockMisc.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockMisc.name
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockOilGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oil Generator
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBooster.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Booster
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomBreaker.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomEnergyface.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomLiquiface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomPlacer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Placer
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPhantomface.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Phantomface
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzSlab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzStair.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPillarQuartzWall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockPlacer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Placer
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzSlab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzStair.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockQuartzWall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockRangedCollector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ranged Collector
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockRice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rice Plant
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockSmileyCloud.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenFence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenSlab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenStairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksGreenWall.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteFence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteSlab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteStairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTestifiBucksWhiteWall.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockTreasureChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockWild.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.blockWild.name
fe.protection.trample.ActuallyAdditions.blockXPSolidifier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropAgate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropAgate.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Allium
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carrot
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropChrysocolla.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropChrysocolla.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCitrine.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropCitrine.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Daisy
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dandelion
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropElementium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropElementium.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropGaia.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropGaia.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropJade.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropJade.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropJasper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropJasper.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropMalachite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropMalachite.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropNeutronium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropNeutronium.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropOnyx.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropOnyx.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orchid
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Poppy
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Potato
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSalt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSalt.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSesame.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSesame.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSpinel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSpinel.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sugarcane
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSugilite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSugilite.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSunflower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropSunflower.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Taint Root
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTanzanite.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTopaz.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTopaz.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTourmaline.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTourmaline.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.trample.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.trample.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Architectural Block
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.infinitato.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Infinitato
fe.protection.trample.BigDoors.door3x3.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.door3x3.name
fe.protection.trample.BigDoors.metalDoors3x3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metalDoor3x3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blossom Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Moss Clump
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vines
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altGrass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altar.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.avatar.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bellows.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrost.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.brewery.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cocoon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.distributor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchanter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.flower.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestEye.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.hourglass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.mushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.Botania.openCrate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.platform.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pool.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prism.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pump.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pylon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.root.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.solidVine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spreader.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.starfield.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.storage.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.turntable.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenters Fence
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenters Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.CinderShroom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE CinderShroom
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.DerangedGolem_spawner.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.DerangedGolem_spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.Mummy_spawner.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Mummy_spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.Pharoh_spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Pharoh_spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.SkeletonKnight_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SkeletonKnight_spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.SkeletonMage_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.SkeletonMage_spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.Witch_spawner.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Witch_spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.cave_orchid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cave Orchid
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_lava_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_igneous_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.dripping_water_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dripping_water_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.foxfire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Foxfire
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_fence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Icy Fence
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_column.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_column.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_column.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Icy Rail
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_column.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_roots.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Roots
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_column.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_column.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_column.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.frozen_stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.glowstone_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Stalactite
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.hanging_foxfire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hanging Foxfire
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.ice_patch.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.icicle_base.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Icicle
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.icicle_small.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Icicle
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.icicle_tip.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Icicle
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_column.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_lavacrust.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_base.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_small.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalactite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_base.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_small.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.igneous_stalagmite_tip.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneous_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lava_vine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cave Vines
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_column.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_column.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_lavacrust.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_base.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_small.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphic_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.mossy_dirt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_igneous_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.mossy_igneous_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_metamorphic_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.mossy_metamorphic_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.mossy_sedimentary_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.mossy_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_igneous_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_lava_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_lava_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.raining_lava_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_lava_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.raining_water_igneous_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_igneous_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_metamorphic_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_sedimentary_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.raining_water_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.raining_water_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.redstone_column.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_base.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_small.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalactite_tip.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_base.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_small.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.redstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.roots.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sandstone_column.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_small.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalactite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_small.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentarySand.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentarySand.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_column.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_base.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_small.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentary_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_column.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_column.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_lavacrust.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_lavacrust.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_base.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalactite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_small.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalactite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_stalactite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalactite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_base.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalagmite_base.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_small.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalagmite_small.name
fe.protection.trample.CaveBiomes.stone_stalagmite_tip.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stalagmite_tip.name
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.innerwall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.innerwallcreative.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Wall
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.innerwalldecor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Wall (Decorative)
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.interfacecreative.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Interface
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.interfacedecor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine Interface (Decorative)
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.machine.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compact Machine
fe.protection.trample.CompactMachines.resizingcube.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE World Resizing Cube
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Disenchanter
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Particle Generator
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Potentiometer
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sun Dial
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Bars
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tesseract (Complete)
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.liquidSilicon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Silicon
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenConductiveIron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Constantan
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenElectricalSteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenEnergeticAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Fairy
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedGold.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Phased Gold
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenPhasedIron.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Phased Iron
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenRedstoneAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenSoularium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Soularium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.trample.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pottery Table
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Compost Bin
fe.protection.trample.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.trample.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Garden Proxy
fe.protection.trample.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.trample.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Small Fire
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Chain
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Garden Lantern
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Chain
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Candelilla
fe.protection.trample.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.trample.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Strange Plant
fe.protection.trample.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Post
fe.protection.trample.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Post Fence
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.Fir_Sapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fir Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.hl_cocoa.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_cocoa.name
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.hl_woodDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_woodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.hl_woodPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_woodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.hl_woodSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.hl_woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_acaciaWood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Log
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_ashLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ash Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_ashSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ash Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_ashWood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ash Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnOrangeSapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Autumn Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_autumnYellowSapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Autumn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_beechSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Beech Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_blueFlower.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Flower
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_blueberryBush.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Tree Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_canopySapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Tree Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_canopyWood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_cattail.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cattail
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_cotton.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Plant
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_deadSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dead Tree Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_decBushSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Deciduous Bush Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_evgBushSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Evergreen Bush Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_firLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fir Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_firWood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_greatOakSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Great Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_ironwoodWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleSapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_japaneseMapleWood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_lavender.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lavender
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_leafyFern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Fern
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_mangroveWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Log
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_palmLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Palm Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_palmSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Palm Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_palmWood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_poplarWood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_raspberryBush.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_redwoodWood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_thornbush.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Thornbush
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_whiteFlower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Flower
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Poplar Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Highlands.tile.hl_woodStairs3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.bonemealApplicator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bonemeal Applicator
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.cakeConverter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cake Converter
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.chargingPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charging Plate
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.chargingPlateWooden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Charging Plate
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.chestCharger.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chest Charger
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.elevatorShaft.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Shaft
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.elevatorTop.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Top
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.energyTeleporter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Endergy Cell
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.fluxBlaster.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flux Blaster
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.lifeConverter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Life Converter
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.mechanicalGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Generator
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.mover.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mover
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.rngQuarry.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE RNG Quarry
fe.protection.trample.JAPTA.timeMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Time Machine
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.compressedChest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.diamondObsidian.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.digitalLocker.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Partitioned Crate
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.gravitatem.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Mob Manipulator
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.invisibleTorch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shimmering Spot
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.polarityNegator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Polarity Negator
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.precisionTNT.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Precision TNT
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.refinery.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.refinery_active.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.refinery_active.name
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.smoothGlowstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.vaultPart.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaultPart.name
fe.protection.trample.JotatosPracticalities.witherFarmPart.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witherFarmPart.name
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.DimLamp.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dungeon Lantern
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.DimStone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.glowingstonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.glowingstoneglass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Stone Glass
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.metablock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Dni1.name
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.metablock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Dni2.name
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.obsidianglowingstoneglass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.obsidianstoneglass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Glass
fe.protection.trample.LightTweaks.stoneglass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Glass
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.abstractor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Abstractor
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.adamantine.molten.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.alduorite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alduorite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.alloyer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Alloyer
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.amordrine.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Amordrine
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.angmallen.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Angmallen
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.astral.silver.molten.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Astral Silver
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.atlarus.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Atlarus
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.base.block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.base.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.base.brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.base.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.base.ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.base.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.black.steel.molten.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Black Steel
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.brass.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.bronze.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.carmot.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Carmot
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.celenegil.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Celenegil
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.ceruclase.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ceruclase
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.copper.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.crusher.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.damascus.steel.molten.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Damascus Steel
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.deep.iron.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Deep Iron
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.desichalkos.molten.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Desichalkos
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.electrum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.ender.block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.ender.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.ender.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.ender.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.ender.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.ender.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.eximite.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Eximite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.explosive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metallurgy.explosive.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.extra.storage.block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.extra.storage.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.fantasy.block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.fantasy.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.fantasy.brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.fantasy.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.fantasy.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.fantasy.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.forge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Forge
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.haderoth.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Haderoth
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.hepatizon.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Hepatizon
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.ignatius.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ignatius
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.infuscolium.molten.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Infuscolium
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.inolashite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Inolashite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.kalendrite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Kalendrite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.lemurite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lemurite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.machine.frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.manganese.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manganese
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.meutoite.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Meutoite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.midasium.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Midasium
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.mithril.molten.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mithril
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.nether.block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.nether.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.nether.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.nether.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.nether.ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.nether.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.orichalcum.molten.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Orichalcum
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.oureclase.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Oureclase
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.platinum.molten.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Platinum
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.precious.block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.precious.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.precious.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.precious.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.precious.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.precious.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.prometheum.molten.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Prometheum
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.quicksilver.molten.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mystic Silver
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.rubracium.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Rubracium
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.sanguinite.molten.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Sanguinite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.shadow.iron.molten.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shadow Iron
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.shadow.steel.molten.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shadow Steel
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.silver.molten.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.steel.molten.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.tab.block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.tab.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.tartarite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tartarite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.tin.molten.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.utility.block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.utility.block.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.utility.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.utility.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.vanilla.brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.metal.block.vanilla.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.vulcanite.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Vulcanite
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.vyroxeres.molten.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Vyroxeres
fe.protection.trample.Metallurgy.zinc.molten.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE BioFuel
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE DetCord
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fertile Dirt
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Meat
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.MyWorldGen.anchor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.anchor.name
fe.protection.trample.MyWorldGen.anchorInventory.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Anchor
fe.protection.trample.MyWorldGen.ignore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ignore Block
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.AmRTG.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Americium RTG
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.CfRTG.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Californium RTG
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.EMP.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE EMP Bomb
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.EMPE.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE EMP Bomb
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.RTG.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Plutonium RTG
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.WRTG.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Weak RTG
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.antimatterBomb.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.antimatterBombE.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Antimatter Bomb
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.assemblerActive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Assembler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.assemblerIdle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Assembler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.blastBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blast Resistant Block
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.blockBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.blockOre.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockOre.name
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.cellBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Cell Compartment
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.collectorActive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Helium Collector
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.collectorIdle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Helium Collector
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.coolantCoolerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Coolant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.coolerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.coolerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Standard Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.coolerIdle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Helium Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.crusherActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.crusherIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.cryotheumCoolerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cryotheum Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.denseSteamBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dense Steam
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.denseSteamDecompressor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dense Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherActive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Electric Crusher
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electricCrusherIdle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electric Crusher
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Electric Furnace
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electricFurnaceIdle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electric Furnace
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electrolyserActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Electrolyser
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electrolyserIdle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Electrolyser
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electromagnetActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.electromagnetIdle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.emptyCoolerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Empty Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.enderiumCoolerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.factoryActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Manufactory
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.factoryIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manufactory
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteActive.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fission Controller
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorGraphiteIdle.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fission Controller
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamActive.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fissionReactorSteamIdle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fission Controller
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.furnaceActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Metal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.furnaceIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Metal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionConnector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Connector
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionPlasmaBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Plasma
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionReactor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorBlockTop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteam.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.fusionReactorSteamBlockTop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Steam Fusion Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.glowstoneCoolerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.graphiteBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Graphite Block
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.hastenerActive.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Decay Hastener
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.hastenerIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Decay Hastener
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.heliumCoolerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorActive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.heliumExtractorIdle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium Extractor
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.ioniserActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ioniser
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.ioniserIdle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ioniser
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.irradiatorActive.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.irradiatorIdle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Irradiator
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.liquidHeliumBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Helium
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.lithiumIonBatteryBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lithium Ion Battery
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.machineBlockNC.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Machine Base
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.nuclearFurnaceIdle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Furnace
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.nuclearWorkspace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Duty Workspace
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.nuke.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.nukeE.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.oxidiserActive.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oxidiser
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.oxidiserIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oxidiser
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorActive.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reaction Generator
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.reactionGeneratorIdle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reaction Generator
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.reactorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Casing
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.recyclerActive.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.recyclerIdle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Reprocessing Plant
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.redstoneCoolerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.separatorActive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Isotope Separator
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.separatorIdle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Isotope Separator
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumDown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.simpleQuantumUp.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spin 1/2 Block
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.solarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.speedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Speed Block
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.steamBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.steamDecompressor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Steam Decompressor
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.steamGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Steam Generator
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetActive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.superElectromagnetIdle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Superconducting Electromagnet
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.supercoolerActive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.supercoolerIdle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Electromagnet Supercooler
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.superdenseSteamBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Superdense Steam
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.synchrotronActive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.synchrotronIdle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Synchrotron Controller
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.tubing1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Horizontal Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.tubing2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Reinforced Tubing
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.voltaicPile.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Voltaic Pile
fe.protection.trample.NuclearCraft.waterCoolerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water Reactor Cooler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grave (Break to recover your inventory).
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.trample.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.ChannelSelector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Channel Selector
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.Clock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Clock
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.DataCable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Data Cable
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.DataEmitter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Data Emitter
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.DataModifier.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Data Modifier
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.DataReceiver.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Data Receiver
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.DisplayScreen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.DisplayScreen.name
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.EnergyReader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energy Reader
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.EntityNode.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Entity Node
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.FluidReader.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Reader
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.Hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Forging Hammer
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.Hammer_Air.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Forging Hammer
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.HolographicDisplay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Display
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.InfoCreator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Info Creator
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.InfoReader.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Info Reader
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.InventoryReader.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Reader
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.ItemRouter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.LargeDisplayScreen.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Large Display Screen
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.MultiCable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Channelled Cable
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.Node.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Node
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_OFF.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.RedstoneSignaller_ON.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Signaller
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.SapphireOre.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.trample.PracticalLogistics.TransceiverArray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transceiver Array
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.ashplanks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ashplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.ashslab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ashslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.ashstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ashstairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.cinnamonplanks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cinnamonplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.cinnamonslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cinnamonslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.cinnamonstairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cinnamonstairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.deadplanks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.deadplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.deadslab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.deadslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.deadstairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.deadstairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.giantflowerplanks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.giantflowerplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.giantflowerslab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.giantflowerslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.giantflowerstairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.giantflowerstairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.japanesemapleplanks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanesemapleplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.japanesemapleslab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanesemapleslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.japanesemaplestairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanesemaplestairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.mahoganyslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mahoganyslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.mapleplanks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mapleplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.mapleslab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mapleslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.maplestairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.maplestairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.paperbarkplanks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.paperbarkplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.paperbarkslab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.paperbarkslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.paperbarkstairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.paperbarkstairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.rubberplanks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.rubberplanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.rubberslab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.rubberslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.rubberstairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.rubberstairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stonecentered.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonecentered.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stonecobble.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonecobble.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stoneembossed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneembossed.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stoneengraved.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneengraved.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stoneetched.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneetched.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stoneinscribed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneinscribed.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stonelargebricks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonelargebricks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stonelined.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonelined.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stoneraised.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneraised.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stoneround.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneround.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stonesmallbricks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonesmallbricks.name
fe.protection.trample.Quadrum.stonetile.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonetile.name
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ferrous
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockLumos.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lumos
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bound Chest
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.trample.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone4.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone5.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone6.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousCobblestone7.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone4.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone5.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone6.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStone7.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick4.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick5.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick6.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.igneousStoneBrick7.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone5.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone6.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicCobblestone7.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone4.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone5.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone6.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStone7.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick4.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick5.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick6.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick7.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone4.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone5.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone6.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.button.tile.sedimentaryStone7.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneousCobblestone.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneFullSlab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneousStone.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.igneousStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickFullSlab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneFullSlab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneousStoneHalfSlab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_monsterStoneEgg.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreCoal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreEmerald.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreGold.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreIron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreLapis.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_oreRedstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.igneous_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphicCobblestone.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphicStone.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneFullSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphicStoneHalfSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_monsterStoneEgg.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreCoal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreEmerald.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreGold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreIron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreLapis.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_oreRedstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.metamorphic_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sedimentaryStone.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneFullSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.base.ore.2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.11.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.13.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.14.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.6.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.7.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.fantasy.ore.8.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.1.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.precious.ore.2.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.3.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.4.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_metal.block.utility.ore.5.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_monsterStoneEgg.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreCoal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreEmerald.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreGold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreIron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreLapis.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_oreRedstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.sedimentary_tconstruct.stoneore.5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone0.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousCobblestone3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStone3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick0.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.igneousStoneBrick3.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone0.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicCobblestone3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStone3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick0.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.stairs.tile.sedimentaryStone3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousCobblestone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.igneousStoneBrick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicCobblestone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.metamorphicStoneBrick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.UndergroundBiomes.wall.tile.sedimentaryStone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_malachite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_peridot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_ruby_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_tanzanite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreBiomesOPlenty_topaz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_ferrous_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreImmersiveEngineering_lead_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_adamantine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_alduorite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_altarus_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_astral_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_bitumen_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_carmot_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ceruclase_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_copper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_deep_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_ignatius_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_infuscolium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_kalendrite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_lemurite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_magnesium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_manganese_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_midasium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_mithril_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_orichalcum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_oureclase_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_phosphorite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_platinum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_potash_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_prometheum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_rubracium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_saltpeter_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sanguinite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_shadow_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_silver_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_sulfur_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_tin_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vulcanite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_vyroxeres_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreMetallurgy_zinc_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_boron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_lithium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_plutonium_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_thorium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreNuclearCraft_uranium_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.orePracticalLogistics_sapphire_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTConstruct_aluminum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreTaintedMagic_shadow_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_agate_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_chrysocolla_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_citrine_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_garnet_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jade_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_jasper_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_onyx_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_phoenixite_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_spinel_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_sugilite_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oregemsplus_tourmaline_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oremagicalcrops_minicio_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_coal_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_diamond_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_emerald_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_gold_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_iron_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_lapis_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreminecraft_quartz_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oreqCraft_quantum_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_igneous.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore0_stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore0_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_igneous.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore1_stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore1_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_igneous.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_igneous.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_metamorphic.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_sedimentary.name
fe.protection.trample.WTFOres.redstone_ore2_stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstone_ore2_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBlue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampBrown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampCyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampGreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampPurple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampRed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.AuraLampYellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuraLampYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickBrown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickGray.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickPurple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickRed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.BrickYellow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BrickYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBlue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetBrown.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetCyan.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGray.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetGreen.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetPurple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetRed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredCarpetYellow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBlue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolBrown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolCyan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolGreen.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolPurple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolRed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.CheckeredWoolYellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CheckeredWoolYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayGray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ClayYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ClayYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBlue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickBrown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickCyan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickGreen.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickPurple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickRed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.ColouredBrickYellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ColouredBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskBrown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskGreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskPurple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskRed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DamaskYellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.DamaskYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBlue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedBrown.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedCyan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedGreen.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedPurple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedRed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DiagonallyDottedYellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.DiagonallyDottedYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedBrown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedGray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedGreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedPurple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedRed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.DottedYellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.DottedYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBlue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesBrown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesCyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesGreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesPurple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesRed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FancyTilesYellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FancyTilesYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralBrown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralGray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralGreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralPurple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralRed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FloralYellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.FloralYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBlue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassBrown.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassCyan.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassGreen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassPurple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassRed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedGlassYellow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBlue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneBrown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneCyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneGreen.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPanePurple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneRed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.FrostedPaneYellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.FrostedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.Jewel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Jewel.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledBlue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledBrown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledCyan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledGray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledGreen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledPurple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.RippledYellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.RippledYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidBlueBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidBrownBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidCyanBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidGrayBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidGreenBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidPurpleBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidRedBlocks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.SolidYellowBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.SolidYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.Stamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Stamp.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBlue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickBrown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickCyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickGreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickPurple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickRed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneBrickYellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneBrickYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBlue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampBrown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampCyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampGreen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampPurple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampRed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StoneLampYellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.StoneLampYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedBlue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedBrown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedCyan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedGray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedGreen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedPurple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.StripedYellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.StripedYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBlue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassBrown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassCyan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassGreen.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassPurple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassRed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedGlassYellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBlue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneBrown.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneCyan.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneGreen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPanePurple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneRed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TexturedPaneYellow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TexturedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBlue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassBrown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassCyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassGreen.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassPurple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassRed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedGlassYellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedGlassYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBlue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneBrown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneCyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneGreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPanePurple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPanePurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneRed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.TintedPaneYellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TintedPaneYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBlue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankBrown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankCyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankGreen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankPurple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankRed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoodPlankYellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodPlankYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBlue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetBrown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetBrown.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetCyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetGreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetPurple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetRed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCarpetYellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCarpetYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolCyan.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolGray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolGray.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolPurple.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolRed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolRed.name
fe.protection.trample.WallpaperCraft.WoolYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoolYellow.name
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rose Vines
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Void Walkway
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurora
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.booster.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Booster
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Clean Gardeners Dirt
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampb.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampf.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_bone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE %s Bones
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_clay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE %s Clay
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_cobblestonemossy.*                         # (default: true) PLACE %s Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_dustgunpowder.*                            # (default: true) PLACE %s Gunpowder
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_endstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE %s End Stone
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_meatrotten.*                               # (default: true) PLACE %s Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_netherrack.*                               # (default: true) PLACE %s Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_pearlender.*                               # (default: true) PLACE %s Ender Pearl
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_soulsand.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE %s Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.additionalcompression.compressed_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE %s Stone
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.Control.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Control Module
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fuel/Air Mixer
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.EfficiencyUpgradeTier2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gas Mix Compressor
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.FluidInput.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Intake Valve
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.FluidOutputSelect.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Output Valve
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.FuelTank.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Tank
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.GasInput.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gas Intake Valve
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.HeatExchanger.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.HeatExchangerController.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Heat Exchanger Controller
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.HeatingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Heating Chamber
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.ItemInput.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Item Input Port
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.ItemOutput.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Item Output Port
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.MixingChamber.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mixing Chamber
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorAdvanced.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Power Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorDense.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE High Density Power Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.PowerCapacitorRedstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basic Power Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.RFOutput.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flux Generator
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.Sensor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sensor Module
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.SteamTurbineController.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steam Turbine Controller
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.SyngasController.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Syngas Producer Controller
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineBronze.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Turbine
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineController.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gas Turbine Controller
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineEnderium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Turbine
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineGold.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gold Plated Turbine
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineIron.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Turbine
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineManyullyn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Turbine
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineSteel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Steel Turbine
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.TurbineVibrant.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Turbine
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.syngas.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Syngas
fe.protection.trample.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.advgenerators.syngas_flaming.name
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.autooredictconv.converter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Auto Converter
fe.protection.trample.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.trample.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.trample.benway_knowledge.dummy.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.benway_knowledge_dummy.name
fe.protection.trample.benway_knowledge.dummytg.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.benway_knowledge_dummytg.name
fe.protection.trample.benway_knowledge.misc.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.benway_knowledge_misc.name
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.trample.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.amber.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.arcane.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.beacon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.copperblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.grimstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.holystone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leadblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nation.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.present.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.rebel.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.road_line.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.silverblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.steelblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone (Snakestone)
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tallow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.thaumium.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tinblock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch1.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch10.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch3.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch4.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch5.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch6.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch7.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch8.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch9.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.warningSign.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.trample.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.trample.compacter.Compacter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Compacter
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.sink.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.acemus_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acemus Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.cedrum_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cedrum Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.cerasu_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cerasu Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.delnas_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Delnas Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.dslab0.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.dslab1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.ewcaly_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ewcaly Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.hekur_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hekur Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.kiparis_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kiparis Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.kulist_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Kulist Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.lata_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lata Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.leaves0.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.leaves1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.leaves3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.logs0.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.logs1.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.logs2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.logs3.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:log.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.nucis_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nucis Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.porffor_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Porffor Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.salyx_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Salyx Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.sapling0.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.sapling1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.sslab0.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.sslab1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:slab.name
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs0.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acemus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cedrum Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs10.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Porffor Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs11.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Salyx Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs12.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tuopa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cerasu Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Delnas Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ewcaly Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs5.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hekur Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs6.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Kiparis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs7.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Kulist Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs8.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lata Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.stairs9.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nucis Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.tuopa_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tuopa Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.dendrology.wood0.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dendrology:wood.name
fe.protection.trample.ds.acacia_wood_parquet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Parquet
fe.protection.trample.ds.birch_wood_parquet.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Parquet
fe.protection.trample.ds.carved_stone_1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone Block #1
fe.protection.trample.ds.carved_stone_2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone Block #2
fe.protection.trample.ds.carved_stone_3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone Block #3
fe.protection.trample.ds.cement.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cement
fe.protection.trample.ds.checked_glass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Checked Glass Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.clear_glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.concrete.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.ds.concrete_masonry_unit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Masonry Unit (CMU)
fe.protection.trample.ds.concrete_tiles.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tiles
fe.protection.trample.ds.dark_metal.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Metal Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.darkoak_wood_parquet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.trample.ds.glass_101.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass Block 101
fe.protection.trample.ds.jail_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jail Glass Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Small Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_polished_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Polished Jungle Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_purpur_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_stone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_stonebrick_carved.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_stonebrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Jungle Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.jungle_wood_parquet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Parquet
fe.protection.trample.ds.oak_wood_parquet.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Parquet
fe.protection.trample.ds.polished_pumice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Polished Pumice Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Glass Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_masonry_unit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Masonry Unit
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_purpur_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_stonebrick_carved.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.pumice_stonebrick_cracked.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Pumice Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.quartz_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.rusty_block.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_polished_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Polished Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_purpur_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_stonebrick_carved.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.snow_stonebrick_cracked.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Snowy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.spruce_wood_parquet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Parquet
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_brick_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_concrete_masonry_unit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete Masonry Unit
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE White Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_mossy_stonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_polished_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Polished Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_purpur_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_stone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Stone
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_stonebrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_stonebrick_carved.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ds.white_stonebrick_cracked.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cracked White Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.dungeonmobs.LavaRock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magma Rock
fe.protection.trample.dungeonmobs.bladetrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blade Trap
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockAfarm.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE AgriCraft Farming Station
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockBrine1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Brine
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockBrine2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Medium Brine
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockBrine3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Brine
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockBrine4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Solid Brine
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockChassis.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockChassis.name
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockCobbleworks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Framework
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Powered Drain
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockDummy.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDummy.name
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockFlag.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Flag
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockIHopper.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockMagCharger.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Charger
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockNiard.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Niard
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockPMon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockTcom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockVoidTank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Portal Tank
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.blockWaterworks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water Extraction Framework
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.rlever10.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.rlever30.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.rlever300.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.trample.enderioaddons.rlever60.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Self-reseting lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.trample.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.trample.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.trample.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Claw
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Jar
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.gearswap.gearSwapperGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.trample.gearswap.gearSwapperIron.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.trample.gearswap.gearSwapperLapis.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.trample.gearswap.gearSwapperStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.trample.gearswap.gearSwapperWood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gear Swapper
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockAgate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Agate Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockChrysocolla.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockCitrine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockGarnet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockJade.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jade Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockJasper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockMalachite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockOnyx.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockPhoenixite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockRuby.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockSapphire.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockSpinel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockSugilite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockTopaz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.blockTourmaline.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Block
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassAgate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Agate Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassChrysocolla.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassCitrine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassGarnet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassJade.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jade Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassJasper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassMalachite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassOnyx.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassPhoenixite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassRuby.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassSapphire.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassSpinel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassSugilite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassTopaz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.glassTourmaline.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Glass
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreAgate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Agate Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreChrysocolla.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreCitrine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreGarnet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreJade.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jade Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreJasper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreMalachite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreOnyx.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.orePhoenixite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreRuby.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreSapphire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreSpinel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreSugilite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreTopaz.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.oreTourmaline.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Ore
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandAgate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Agate Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandChrysocolla.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chrysocolla Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandCitrine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Citrine Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandGarnet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garnet Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandJade.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jade Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandJasper.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jasper Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandMalachite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Malachite Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandOnyx.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Onyx Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandPhoenixite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Phoenixite Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandRuby.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandSapphire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandSpinel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spinel Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandSugilite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sugilite Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandTopaz.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Topaz Sand
fe.protection.trample.gemsplus.tile.sandTourmaline.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tourmaline Sand
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.trample.headcrumbs.betterSkull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.headcrumbs.betterSkull.name
fe.protection.trample.headcrumbs.empty.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.headcrumbs.empty.name
fe.protection.trample.headcrumbs.player.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.headcrumbs.player.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_adamantium_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Adamantium Block
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_adamantium_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Adamantium Ore
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_colored_flower_pot.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_colored_flower_pot.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Clay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_10.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_11.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_12.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_13.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_14.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_15.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_16.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_5.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_6.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_7.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_8.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hardened_clay_stairs_9.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_hay_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_microsoft_carpet.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Microsoft Carpet
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_mining_tnt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mining TNT
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_present.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_red_sandstone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.block_smooth_stone_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_0.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_1.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_10.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_11.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_12.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_13.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_14.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_15.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_16.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_2.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_3.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_4.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_5.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_6.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_7.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_8.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hardened_clay_slab_9.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_hay_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_hay_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_red_sandstone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.hay_slab.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hay Slab
fe.protection.trample.imc.mobSpawner.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mob Spawner
fe.protection.trample.imc.red_sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.imc.red_sandstone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Transformer
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.infinitic.fluid.molten.lead.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.littletiles.BlockLittleTiles.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.littletiles.LTColoredBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.LTBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.lootbags.loot_recycler.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Loot Recycler
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Accio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Air Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alumite Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amber Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coal Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Copper Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cow Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Growth Pulser
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.DraconiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dye Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Experience Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gold Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Invar Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lead Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Ore
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nature Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ferrous Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pig Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silver Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spider Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tin Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Essence Stone
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.magmaox.MagmaBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.trample.magmaox.NetherWartBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.trample.magmaox.RedNetherBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Bricks
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE White Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Medieval Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.null.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_bar_storage.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_blank_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_circle_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_frame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_frame_crossed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_grate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.grate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_horizontal_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_large_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_mesh.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.mesh.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_ornate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.ornate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_plate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_quarter_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_rune.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.rune.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_small_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_spiral.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.spiral.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_pipes.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_vertical_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_warning.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.warning.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.base_window.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.base.window.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_bar_storage.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_blank_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_circle_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_frame.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_frame_crossed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_grate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.grate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_horizontal_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_large_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_mesh.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.mesh.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_ornate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.ornate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_plate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_quarter_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_rune.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.rune.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_small_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_spiral.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.spiral.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_pipes.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_vertical_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_warning.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.warning.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.ender_window.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.ender.window.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_bar_storage.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_blank_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_circle_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_frame_crossed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_grate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.grate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_pipes.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_horizontal_plate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_large_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_mesh.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.mesh.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_ornate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.ornate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_quarter_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_rune.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.rune.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_small_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_spiral.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.spiral.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_pipes.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_vertical_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_warning.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.warning.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.fantasy_window.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.fantasy.window.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_bar_storage.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_blank_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_circle_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_frame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_frame_crossed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_grate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.grate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_horizontal_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_large_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_mesh.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.mesh.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_ornate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.ornate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_quarter_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_rune.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.rune.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_small_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_spiral.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.spiral.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_pipes.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_vertical_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_warning.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.warning.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.nether_window.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.nether.window.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_bar_storage.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.bar.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_blank_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.blank.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_circle_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.circle.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_frame.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_frame_crossed.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.frame.crossed.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_grate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.grate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_pipes.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_horizontal_plate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.horizontal.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_large_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.large.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_mesh.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.mesh.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_ornate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.ornate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_quarter_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.quarter.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_rune.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.rune.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_small_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.small.bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_spiral.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.spiral.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_pipes.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.vertical.pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_vertical_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.vertical.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_warning.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.warning.name
fe.protection.trample.metallurgychisel.precious_window.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.unknown.precious.window.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tilled Dirt
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Coral
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants.name
fe.protection.trample.mooshroombloombop.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mooshroombloombop.BoPFakePlants2.name
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.trample.props.blockFake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.props.blockProps.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.qblock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.trample.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Activity Probe
fe.protection.trample.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block Protector
fe.protection.trample.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Counter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.trample.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.trample.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.trample.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.trample.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dialing Device
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.trample.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.trample.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.trample.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Item Filter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.machineBase.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Machine Base
fe.protection.trample.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.trample.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.trample.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Material Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Matter Booster
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Modular Storage
fe.protection.trample.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.trample.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Proxy Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Power Relay
fe.protection.trample.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Remote Storage
fe.protection.trample.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE RF Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.trample.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Screen Controller
fe.protection.trample.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.trample.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Security Manager
fe.protection.trample.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sequencer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Shield Template
fe.protection.trample.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spawner
fe.protection.trample.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.trample.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Support Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Time Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Timer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Eruption Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.5.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.6.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_blockCustomOre.7.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.igneous_salt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_blockCustomOre.7.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.metamorphic_salt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_blockCustomOre.7.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_dimensionalShardBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_draconicevolution.draconiumOre.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ubcores.sedimentary_salt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vending Block
fe.protection.trample.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.trample.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Multiple Vending Block
